Nnamdi Oshodi

Double Digit Pipeline

12, 15, 20 people in the pipeline per person

Made it a purpose to help people become well rounded

Being the best version of yourself in your job

This team values financial freedom

Some people are more impressed with the intangibles than specifically the opportunity

Persistent

Radical

Action

Yields

Eventual

Results

“Level Up” Team

Going 12/75, drew a line in the sand

If your spouse allows you to be weak, then they dont love you like my spouse loves me

You need to find more opportunities to serve and spend time around spiritual leaders. The more opportunities you have to spend with spiritual leaders, the more opportunities God has to bless you.

Nick Oshodi

When he got into business, Chase was 4000PV

He doesnt feel comfortable around “yes” men

There was a joke that you didnt have to filter people, because if they made it through a Tristan or Chase plan, they got filtered.

When you are in for a while, you tend to become disconnected from the leaders and not appreciating it because they are so far from you. But seeing those grow up in the environment, you appreciate those guys.

He isnt diamond yet because he hasnt done the work to go diamond. It doesnt take 16 years, but you have to make the decision.

These guys will be diamonds.

There are stupid questions, but you shouldnt feel stupid asking them. Curiosity is a sign of intelligence.

Downline had 15 people show up to a grand opening, made \$400-500 and booked several CNAs. He invited 100 people, 30 confirmed, 15 showed up.

Never take coaching from stage. Take it, think about it, then go to your coach about it.

A winning day for him was he didnt go home after work, he had people in his pipeline, and his downline did too

Only two ways to make a decision: Fear and faith

He could filter, but he had to let his people learn how to filter.

He would rather have 5 B-level people and have them doing the majority of the work, managing them, then have 1 person doing everything, because that isnt scalable.

Grand openings helped their new people make money, which gave them confidence, which inspired them to build their business.

Replacing people sucks and it will wear you out. Grand openings helped them with that. Some are wary about selling, but just creating exposure to the products results in sales.

If you went 1000, but you arent 1000 right now, make that your goal. Dont kid yourself on the next goal.

*Dream big, plan small*

Grand opening, product expo, go create some volume and raise belief

Books dont build your business, but they build your foundation to lead people at 22 years old. He still did the work, it just allowed him to solidify.

You want to lead, but the people you are leading are maybe not the easiest to lead.

Nothing builds the business outside of exposing the products and showing plans. Everything else supports you in growing the business.

*It is hard to lead winners*

He wanted winners, but they arent the easiest to lead

***To build this business, you sometimes have to do things that are not efficient***

*You have built this comfortable life, you might have to do some stuff that is uncomfortable.*

**Build it like you are where you are at.**

If you are 300, build it like you are at 300. Just because you were almost 1000, doesnt mean you should act like you still are. Solidify.

“Stop whining” -audio

“Go build the Amway business and tell me about ‘perfect parameters'”

He was an entrepreneur waiting to happen. There was nothing about Ethan that attracted him, he would have gotten into anyone's business.

He wanted to help people and be successful.

He wanted influence to do something about the spiritual attacks in the nation and heaviness.

He didnt brute force the business. He likes efficiency.

***“Are you doing enough work to deserve to be frustrated?” -Matt Grotewold***

He has a goal of losing weight, but he just hasn't done the work to lose it. He has done it before, but now he just hasnt been ready and hasnt done the work.

He did enough work and talked to his coach every single day. He hated being broke more than he wanted more money.

If someone hits the gym once a month, and they ask to be coached, are you going to coach them? You will probably tell them “not yet”.

What does his standards for his team look like now?

Their brand initially was just to be the hardest workers, but they maybe had 4 Ibos doing all the work for everybody.

They built a business for a guy to 2500 in second month, 3 legs with 3 legs each, and he quit in 5 months as his team fell back a bit.

Now, his focus is to give people ownership as if you want to go far, you go with a team.

Do you cheer for people as much as you correct them?

I will be present and listen because i care for you

If you just serve and serve and serve, you will go 7500 when your team feels the need to reciprocate it

He was on the phone all the time.

He would rather you listen to 5 audios as opposed to 15 and call your entire team.

On road trips, he would listen to one audio and then call his entire team

You dont spend a ton of time with incubators, but you still love them. They will show you they are ready, but they wont tell you.

***You should appreciate your upline like a platinum, or diamond.***
