Rob and Rania Garcia

Works in tech sales

HOAL gives you a chance to look under the hood of how the business operates

Your business doesnt just spontaneously combust. There is tilling of the soil, fertilizing, sowing that all leads up to that.

Mindset Towards your Personal Life

*If your life is a mess, your business is probably going to be a mess*

This environment is a very faith based environment

If you are unsure of your faith, have a convo with your upline about that

**What keeps us sane, stable and rounded is Jesus**

Prayer is a huge component to their life, they pray together.

*You cannot neglect investing in your marriage and your family*

If you put your family and children on the altar, you will be miserable

If it is chaotic at home, have a convo with your spouse

In what ways are you seeking the spirit in your home?

*You need to make sure the spirit is in the house*

Pray for discernment, to understand. He believes the spirit can touch you and guide you in the right direction.

How do you view your job?

**How you view one thing is how you view all things**

Have a spirit of appreciation and gratitude for your job

If it is *really* that bad, it may be time to change jobs.

You should be able to out-interview anybody out there.

So many people build a marketable skillset here, and got a shot at a far better job that they normally wouldn't have gotten.

*You should be winning at every area, including a job*

What is your mindset in your job, how will that carry over into your business?

If you arent viewing these things correctly, your business isnt going to grow and is going to have chaos.

Why are they still around?

He has gratitude

They have never done anything to harm them or their family, it has been the exact opposite

In return, they are staying planted and building their business

Your upline may not be perfect, but if they have served you, helped you build your business, build it

So many people dont let their upline in because of past experiences in their childhood, so it is easier for them to quit, because they never loved them anyway

Clayton Robbins shook his hand, and it was an answer to a prayer.

One man's faith and action in a handshake completely changed their lives. ***It was not an accident.***

When you view this as not as a mistake or a coincidence, you will run so much lighter.

You are supposed to be here.

The Robbins have been their number one fan

Shaylon is like the big sister that Rania never had

He just wanted to be around a guy who was going somewhere, has such a vision.

Tyler Sheridan was that fiery coach for him.

They basically co-parent with the McIlroys

They know that when their kids are around the McIlroys, they will be good

They are grateful to have them in their life

They have zero worry about what is going to be spoken around their kids

Who your children associate with is going to define who they are as adults

There is so much evil and worldliness in every institution.

“Outwitting the Devil"-Book MUST READ

The Devil wants and is in the school system

You can have differences and still be in unity

A lot of people misinterpret unity and think uniformity

He tried to be like Chase and Tyler, and that didnt work for him

He was so impressed with the men he was around, he wanted to be like them. But in reality, he needed to be the best version of himself.

You dont need to be fiery, but you do need to be confident in yourself and have a backbone

He blessed you with gifts and talents that arent for you, but to bless others

***Other people are waiting on your gifts and talents. They need your story.***

He started sharing his true story at the QI, and it related more with people.

When you have conversations, there has to be depth.

He was so concerned with “me”, he wasnt focused on them

People get goofy and create negative imaginations with their upline for whatever reasons and the silliest reasons to get offended. If you are easily offended with your upline, grow up.

When your boss doesnt offend you despite all their flaws, but your upline does? Grow up.

Maybe your upline made a mistake, so what?

Sometimes you tick off your upline.

For you to constantly seek answers from your upline on everything (seek perspective and counsel), that is too much.

He doesn't really care what his upline thinks and does

When you are trying to please them

There are people who will “grow up” here, and dip, go build another business and be and adult, but they wont do it here

You have to have a mature mindset for your business to grow

Love your upline, but build your own business

What's their mindset towards business?

He appreciates how hard the business is. It has made him a better man. He thrives in that gritty, “figure it out” type of fight.

He always sees it as a blessing and a prayer.

Why would he turn his back on it?

When they hit 6/25 4000PV, they stalled out because they were stuck in a performance mindset.

Inauthentic, not your true self.

They had to be their authentic selves.

They had to go into convos thinking “how can i bless this person?” Instead of “what can I get out of this?”

We are looking to sponsor people, but you can bless and love people by letting people know what you have your hands on. Bless by letting them know.

***Act like it is up to you***

***<u>YOU ARE GOING TO HAVE TO GO TO WAR</u>***

Doesnt mean you will hate your life, but the action and effort behind building your business, you will have to get to work

Talk to your coach about your data

He actually had to talk to his coach about his stuff, have the humility to get help.

Rather than trying to “get people to the info session”, he slowed down and starting to educate people and prepare them for business ownership

Instead of a “we need somebody”, they had a “we are looking for the right people” mindset and slowed down.

They just want to validate what their leaders are doing.

You just have to believe and stay consistent

Are the people on your team maturing as leaders?

You dont say “be a leader”, it starts with you

When you finally have good people, what are you doing to get in there, get quick wins and build their belief?

Something that kept him stuck is waiting on his downline to build the business for him.

***The 4 Pillars of Belief should be on your mind always***

Rather than digging into their life constantly, help them achieve some wins, they will want to figure themselves and their lives out quicker.

Let's get them some business wins fast

***Are you promoting independent thought, or just answering their questions?***

He doesnt want DBOs, but IBOs

Allow opinions and collaboration, not let it all be about you

*He loves it when his upline asks for his opinion*, that he is not just an IBO slave

Are you preparing yourself for that team?

There are going to be people who come into your business who need to hear from you specifically

Personal stability, how you do one thing is how you do everything

Get your eyes off of yourself, one handshake can break a generational cycle
