Amanda Sheridan

HOAL Takeaways

Thinking shortcuts resources

A major mindshift for her was that growing pains are good

The pain of not qualifying gave her the desire to attack it

**Growing pains hurt, but you still grow from them**

They were never not coachable. They never had a fixed mindset where they thought they knew everything.

Adversity is good, it just makes you stronger

They had negative people in their ruby business, most of them left, and the ones who are left are the ones who are growing

She used to get mad at success stories

There was an Amish couple that went ruby at a Doug Weir conference. If they can do it, we can do it.

**3 responses to greatness:**

1.  **Inspired**

2.  **Intimidated**

3.  **Jealous**

Her 3 non-negotiables;

1.  Win the day

**The business is easy, the hard thing is being consistent for 2 years straight**

They put in 34 legs in 2 years by being consistent. They were just in a process of figuring it out, finding out what works and what doesn't.

Win the day, especially in the MMAs. You can read, affirm and all that, but it all doesn't matter unless you are doing the MMAs.

**When you are having a conversation, just transition. From small talk, to asking about work. It is not awkward, just transition.**

*If you stop doing your MMAs, you will lose your edge. The longer you go without doing it, the harder it is to get back into it.*

Even taking a week off can make you feel butterflies next time you talk to someone. You have to keep your skills up.

Your obedience is someone elses breakthrough.

Success isnt in your convenience.

Sometimes people cant even be consistent for a month, or a day.

2.  Growth Mindset

They can learn from their new person.

They have people on the team that are great at social media, she is not. She asked them to teach her.

She can just learn from anybody.

*The opposite of learning is knowing*

Life-long learner = life-long winner

Their competency got good

**Every experience is an opportunity to grow**

3.  Keep the business an adventure

*If im going to meet people every day, ill just have fun with it*

**If this is a lifelong business, we should enjoy our life.**

She just wants to be out in the marketplace and enjoy herself and be herself. And that is attractive to people.

They are always seeking Joe and Marybeth's perspective.

“If i had a different upline, i would be growing more” God put you in the perfect LOS for you.

4.  Attitude of gratitude

You are responsible for your own self-gratitude

Grateful to feel tired after work, to be challenged by life, for all of the trials

It is all about perspective

Their business had to be pruned from the critical people that would be bad association.

The people who weren't critical came along when they built a new team, and the critical ones were offended and quit

People that are talking badly, pray for them. Dont want them to be unhappy.

Bianca Perez

There was a point in time in their business where there were a lot of distractions

It isnt fun when your spouse isnt doing the MMAs. You just need to prepare to keep going.

Because she kept going and being consistent, she qualified for things he didnt, it inspired him.

She wouldnt have been able to keep going if she wasnt in communication with their upline

*Your breakthrough is on the other side of your consistency*

**You should see results after 90 days if you are consistent.**

They sponsored 2 people by the end of their 90 days when they hadnt sponsored anyone in 2 years

They were sponsoring people and they were sticking around

Their kids are in the environment. Why would they not want to have good fits?

They used to have to beg people to come to things. Now, they are finding people who want to be here.

Amanda Sheridan

Dale and Victoria went from 2/4 to 6/25+ in a year

You know you are in the mode when you ask the person checking you out at the store how long they have worked there

What did you do to raise your self-respect? *Doing what you said you were going to do.*

Taking the action it takes to move the business forward

People are like “i dont feel worthy” because they arent doing what they said they were going to do

They keep their relationship with their upline unfamiliar by applying everything they say to do immediately

Even when you are friends, you are still in a downline role.

Their upline gives them advice, and she just doesnt question it.

They dont hang out all the time.

Distractions for single people are people of the other gender. Always trying to date.

You can build your business super fast while single.

People get a gf/bf and they become their life.

Married couples, their emotions and fights are their distractions. As well, one person might be building it, and the other isnt. There is inertia.

People use their kids as their excuses, not their reasons.

**What are you truly trying to accomplish here?**

Her affirmations are her lifeline, combatting her negativity

If something is bothering her, she brings it up
