Friday Night Leadership

Playing the comparison game… focus on comparing where you are at to your best version of yourself instead of comparing to others.

For commitment- Clarity of KPIs to identify gaps.

Consistency with the basics

Went 1000pv in december, fell back because of his own consistency.

*If you treat it like a sport, it will pay you better than a sport*

Keeping consistent with the basics, even when life hits you hard, no, ***especially when life hits you hard***

There's things you have to shed, and there's things you have to take on

Being a winner instead of a learner

He considers them “excuse removers”

They have 2 kids, one car, she got hit, finance stuff, their car got reposessed at an info session

He got it back, but he had to drop \$5k because they were in the negative, in the hole.

His mom died his 3rd week in business. He was planning on leaving the business. Chase showed up at his house the next day.

He said “***because that's just what we do***”

They told Justin and Natalie, and they just started laughing. That was refreshing, because they were just so chill about it, while they were freaking out about it.

People will dump negative on you.

People dont always react or receive right away

<u>Leadership in Jesus</u>

1.  Lead yourself first (Surrender yourself to God)

In 2020, he had a point in which he had to surrender to God.

He had a point where the desires in his heart were taken away.

He had to be completely transparent with his wife and have nothing on his phone he would be embarrassed about.

Romans 7 Things i really dont want to do, but i do them.

There is freedom if you are in that place.

He experienced a different purity and heart posture. There was a hardcore journey.

Surrender to God gave him a new foundation for his leadership. Taking responsibility for his life.

***God cares more about forming you into the image of Jesus than your success***

The promise in John 1 is eternal life, you will not die.

Dont worry about your 6/50 business, it is coming.

He had 2 platinum downline quit, his upline ruby quit, and it was just him

They are so far beyond 6/50, when they hit it, it was dull

*How you respond in your heart to giving them up (a downline marrying out) will be how you respond in the future*

Talk to DeShawn Collins when it comes to connecting with people and relating to people

It all started with a transformational season.

***You can do a reset and say “God, lets do it your way, because my way isnt working”***

Lead yourself first. It all starts there.

One practical thing you can do:

- Stick to my calendar

If you want to get some momentum, get with your upline, and string together some days where you will be strategic in your communication with your upline.

He sees things from a kingdom mindset. It is His mandate, we are His subjects.

He used to not have an intentional mindset.

He was convicted “why dont i do something to progress the kingdom instead of scrolling right now?” and he was like “great idea!”

It is tough helping out the homeless sometimes

Matthew 25 The Lord is judgementing to the groups on the right and left. How did they treat Him when He was down? But it wasnt him, but His children who were down. The other group was condemned because they didnt watch out for others, only themselves. It does have to come from the right heart, though.

He wanted to be someone who does something about it, not just thinks about it.

*What matters is unity*

Initiation. This business is a business of initiation.

Someone in the marketplace is an opportunity to make a difference in their lives. Some need to hear the gospel, be encouraged.

People want real

2.  Communication

- Character

- Conviction

- Confidence

- Competence

It is a hierarchy for initiation in the marketplace

Look them in the eyes, no dodgy eyes.

If you are hiding what you have in your closet, people will sense it.

The man who walks in uprightness isnt hiding anything, that is where conviction comes from. *You know you are doing what you are supposed to do. **That attracts people to you.***

You know who you are. That leads to confidence.

Confidence is the juice, the swag. What is anyone going to say to you?

Who is going to bring you down?

The gap between confidence and competence

How effectively are you able to communicate with people what you are doing and why they want to be a part of it? That is competence.

*Always go a layer deeper*.

Whenever you get an excuse, it is not the real reason, typically.

Usually, they are embarrassed to tell you the real reason.

“If that wasnt an issue, would there be another reason?”

Knowing yourself.

Know your temperament, know how you are perceived. The price payed is the value that is portrayed from the inward, outwardly.

What you are presenting is not what they are looking for.

If they are not perceiving it, it doesnt matter what you say.

Meet them exactly where they are at. If you dont, red flags will go off.

He will subtly detach through body language, ask later “hey, heres my contact info, we'll talk later”.

He doesnt do a “good news call”, hes seen it fake too many times. ***He focuses on just being real***.

He purposefully smiles a little less because he is normally higher energy.

When you are engaged in the convo, the real you will come out.

Right out of the gate, a lot of us are weird.

He steps away from the convo, he isnt chasing. In the contact, your status is being built in their mind, in those first 2 minutes.

It is all being formed there in the beginning.

He finds a reason to stay connected.

He says “you remind me of a guy im in business with” and tells him that guys story. They know he is in business like him, but he said it indirectly. “Because of those similarities, are you looking for ways to make more money?”

He does whatever the situation calls for and makes the most sense in his mind.

He contacted 2 people in 10 minutes because that is just who he is now.

He thought “for sure he is looking, i will make his day”. People get sponsored when they believe that their life will be better with you in it.

He told him directly “i own a direct marketing company, im expanding down here, are you looking?”

He gives them his number, then he reaches for them to grab their phone and calls his number so he has it.

Evaluate where you are at.

3.  Lead without needing

Go diamond without your upline's help, that is the best way to appreciate them.

Empower people to build a business for themselves. “I will show you how to do this.”

I expect you to take ownership of it and do it yourself.

We dont want to be a problem for our upline.

They take responsibility for their business.

Lead your business without needing your upline or downline.

If they know you need them, it is just a bad dynamic.

Dont start being “the guy” and start partnering with your upline. If you do, when things go wrong, you have a weak position.

When you dont need anything, you have the most authority.

***Stop trying to control other people***

“Im not controlling them, im just showing them the standards” Are you the gold standard, or expecting them to do something because you have a need?

Dont try to control people. If you work with the right people and do the right things, you dont have to control them.

He went from 66 to 50 from conference to conference. But those 16 were holding them back from going to 150 people.

4.  You dont need to be loud to lead

Is it conviction or condemnation? If it is conviction, it works with you. If it is condemnation, *you feel guilty, and you need to give it to Jesus*

Rob Garcia was chill and relaxed, not loud, and has a 6/50 business.

His upline brings things to the team that he doesn't.

There are things you bring to the team your upline cant do. Thinking “they dont need me” is false humility.
