2 Corinthians 10:4

2 Samuel 5:17-21 “The Lord who breaks through”

The Lord breaks through the bad strongholds in your life. He is equipping you to fight spiritual battles.

2 Samuel 5:22 The enemy comes back

What do you do when the enemy comes back?

Breakthrough is *not* repeating what God DID - It’s responding to what God is doing now

Yesterday’s anointing won’t fight tomorrow’s battles.

This is a non-modern concept, of pulling yourself up by your bootstraps. Sometimes God brings you to a place where you have to accept that you aren’t getting yourself out of this on your own

God goes “I’ve got a dam you can’t break through, only I can. Lean on me.”

Sometimes on the backside of breakthroughs, the enemy comes back

2 Samuel 5:22-25 David didn’t do exactly what he did last time, but went to God, and God told him to do something else. *This is not a formula, an equation. It is a lesson to lean on Him.*

3 Keys to Winning Spiritual Battles

1.  Past breakthroughs don’t guarantee future victories.

1 Timothy 6:12 *Learn to fight the good fight of faith*

2.  Successful strategy and timing come from listening and waiting on God.

It doesn’t mean to sit idle, but allow Him to move

When we feel stuck, we don’t stop and survey, we speed up

*The enemy drives you, the spirit leads you*

If you feel pressed, that is usually not God

“Fast don’t last, but slow is fo sho”

God is asking you to lean in, because He might have a little bit different strategy that you aren’t seeing

3.  God goes before us, but He doesn’t go without us.

Act promptly, once you know you have heard the word of God

2 Samuel 5:24

You aren’t as smart as God. If it seems crazy, it doesn’t matter, we are doing it.

He is greater than our ability to understand

*Before you have time to stop and analyze it, act promptly*

*Momentum, consistency, progress, and traction all start with a simple act of obedience*

Spiritual Warfare 101

You should have a roman road process to bring someone to Christ

Another cheat sheet you should have? *What do I do when the enemy comes back?*

- Revelation

  - The spiritual comes BEFORE the natural

I dont have to see it to believe it

- Consecration

  - Humbly admit your dependence on God

- Proclamation

  - Confess the Word - say what God says

The Word of God does not return void

- Impartation

  - We’re strengthened and developed together

- Activation

  - We continuously take steps in FAITH
