*God wants you to bear fruit. The seed, His word, is perfect. So in order to bear fruit, we need to work on our soil.*

When discipling, you have two focuses: working on making your soil more fertile, and sowing the seed in fertile soil.

2 Corinthians 10:4 NKJV — For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal but mighty in God for pulling down strongholds,

The Word of God does not return null and void.

Baal-perazim, a location in ancient Israel, it means “the Lord who breaks through”

2 Samuel 5

There are good and bad strongholds. Many times, God wants you to do more. We are not held back by our bad strongholds, we just need to pursue Him more.

God doesn't want to just breakthrough in our lives, He wants to destroy the idols in our lives, for He is a jealous God.

1.  Breakthrough is often needed after promotion

Usually, this is actually because God blessed you, put you into a new season of life, and you have no idea what to do.

“New levels = new devils”

You only know how to fight what you have already prepared for. That is why you fight in the spirit.

2.  Seek God Before the Breakthrough

If you lean in God’s direction, He will lean into you, and something will happen

Have you inquired of the Lord?

“My sheep hear my voice and follow me”

3.  Sometimes challenges can linger, but breakthrough can come in a moment.

4.  God's preparing you for future breakthroughs

Prepare is not about 3 days, it is about preparing you for the battles you are going to face later this year.
