# Let's Talk Family
Overall, we are a stressed out culture
How we do life as a family impacts our stress
*If momma ain't happy, nobody's happy*
If someone wants help, they need an analysis on what we are trying to actually do
## How to turn a house into a home
From a structure we reside in, to a place that there is a difference in the atmosphere
Let's not just be a structure, but a home. It must be a desire from the beginning.
*Proverbs 24:3 By wisdom a house is built, and understanding it is established*
We are a culture infatuated with home and house renovation
It starts with somebody who knows what they are doing. Taking a concept and making it a reality.
We can get all into the details of these shows, but how into the details are you into your marriage? You are right now making decisions that affect our future family.
You need to look at the architecture, the user interface
He is not your guy who can fix your house, but he is your guy to call when you tear behind the wall, and there is black mold. It can look all great on the outside, but inside, everybody is sick.
People will see all the black mold, and will say "we will put it on our list"
"Your house is crumbling, why would you put it away?"
*Building your family is more important than building your dream home*
*With God's design and some intentionality, you can turn a house into a home*
Jesus's longest, most famous sermon, everyday people came to Him for help. Matthew 7:24-29 "everyone who hears these words of mine and puts them into practice is like a wise man who built his house on the rock. The rain came down, the streams rose, and the winds blew and beat against that house; *yet it did not fall* because it was built on the rock. But everyone who hears these words of mine and does not put them into practice is like a foolish man who built his house on sand. The rain came down, the streams rose, and the winds blew and beat against that house, *and it fell with a great crash.* When Jesus had finished saying these things, the crowds were amazed at his teaching, because He taught as one who had authority, and not as their teachers of the law."
How do we end up building on the sand?
- Principles were violated
	- Sand:
		- Shifting, untrustworthy
		- Optional/suggestion
		- Hear information
		- "God can't be trusted"
	- Rock
		- Dependable, unmovable
		- God's timeless truth
			- We have an issue? "The word says". It builds a bedrock for you to rest on
			- The greatest thing you can build is what you build for those coming after you "I wish I grew up with these things"
		- Put into practice
		- "God is good, I trust, even when I don't understand"
			- People are told to find your soulmate, but they can find a physically based relationship "I want to find someone who makes me happy, you deserve happiness"
			- "My wife can make me happy, but she also makes me angry"
			- Young people today "lets just move in together" as it makes sense financially, "lets try it out because our parents couldnt make it work". It is biblically and statistically unwise, because you are eroding trust before the relationship truly started. I'd rather pay for another apartment, trust God over money.
			- On the backside of it is God's blessing
			- The number one definer of one's relationship is "its complicated".
			- He doesn't know anybody who sets out to build their house on the sand
			- "Ours is so complicated, you wouldn't understand"
			- Most people don't get any help on preventing a great crash until it starts to come down
- Hurts that were not healed
	- Some of us, all we know are what we have seen
	- "She might be projecting hurt onto you that she had from someone else, you might be doing the same"
- Important things you didn't prioritize or you overlooked
- Unwillingness to get help: "It will be fine."
- The enemy hates your family and attacks it
	- What God has built, let no one separate
What does it look like for the person who builds on the rock?
- Your first commitment is to God before another person
	- Deuteronomy 6:5, Matthew 22:37
	- It isn't self-help. Love the Lord your God with all of your strength
- You recognize God's blueprint is one man and one woman in a covenant relationship.
	- Genesis 2:24, Matthew 19:5, Ephesians 5:31
	- A contract is not the marriage plan for God, it is two people in a covenant relationship to God. Both parties submitted to God before one another. Then, two individuals become one.
- Each member of the family recognizes God's clear directive for them:
	- Husbands: Love your wives as you love yourself Ephesians 5:33
	- Wives: Respect your husbands Ephesians 5:33
	- Children: Honor your father and mother Ephesians 6:2
- Each member of the family considers others above themselves.
	- Philippians 2:3-4, Ephesians 5:21
	- *Selfishness is the black mold of the family*
- You recognize your obedience to God is not conditional - you don't try to manipulate, control, or change the other person. 2 John 1:6
	- All you can do is say "God, what do you want to do in me?"
	- Watch as God works in that house
***What could happen if I try it God's way?***
Don't let the devil tell you "that is not 'for you'"
