# Easter Sunday
Many times, we are in our mind a lot stronger. But in reality, we have to face our weakness.
In our performance oriented world, we feel the need to project strengrh in our weakness. To "do" enough to "earn" our way into God's grace.
On the cross, Jesus dies for our sins
This perfect Jesus gives His life for you and I
Every religion has a set of rules you must follow to recieve the benefits. Jesus says "you cant do these things to come up, so ill come down to you"
Jesus is raised from the dead
Many religious leaders did good things, but Jesus is the only to conquer death
1 corinthians 15:17
The resurrection is the only reason we know who Jesus is
The Holy Spirit is poured out on His followers
The followers were not just subscribed to a religion, but couldnt help but preach about what they have heard
Paul writes to the church in Rome
The temptation when you have accessible options is to choose a "quick fix". But what do you do when you cant fix it and no expert can fix it?
Romans chapters 1-7 The reason you feel guilty is because you ARE guilty
All have sinned and fallen short of the Glory of God
"I have the desire to do what is good, but im weaker than I thought and I cant carry it out"
Romans 8:11 He who raised Christ from the dead will also give life to your mortal bodies because of His Spirit who lives in you.
Ephesians 1:19-20
We're weaker than we think we are - but He's strong enough to bring dead things to life.
Four things we feel in our weakness:
1. I'm the only one struggling
2. Does God even see me?
We think "He will do it for others, but will He do it for me?"
The enemy tells us that when you are struggling, you need less of God and God's people.
God doesnt ask where are you because He doesnt know, but because He wants you to know
God sees you there. He sees it all and He still loves you
3. I dont have the strength
The number one seller in every book store is "self help"
We cant forgive ourselves, help ourselves.
When we are in our weak place, His strength comes to us
Life brings these things to us, we want to fix it, but I cant fix this.
Family is the area most people want the most help in, but the least is available.
The church doesnt want to put themselves up as an example when they themselves struggle with it
Even if you are single, you are preparing for family. You need to study God's blueprint
4. Is there any hope left?
The fear that you are the only one left
You are weaker than you think, but He is stronger than you ever imagined.
You're not enough - but that's exactly where His power begins.
