# Palm Sunday
## Seven Statements from the Cross
### Chris Hodges
An invitation goes a very long way
He wasn't impacted by the message or the songs, but the people who genuinely loved God
Even if your friend is not here, participate
"How to live through a bad day" -booklet by a pastor
In order to get all the seven statements, you need to read all 4 gospels. When you layer them on top of one another, there were 7 statements
What if Jesus was modeling how to live through a bad day
Hebrews 12:2 Let us fix our eyes on Jesus, who for the joy set before Him endured the cross
You have to be able to forgive everyone who is trying to destroy your life "Father, forgive them for they know not what they do"
Whenever we are going through a bad day, we can pray for someone else who is going through it
He told John to take care of His mom. We need to make sure when we are going through a bad day, we take care of those close to us. The worse the day, take the most care of those around us.
Matthew 27:45-46 Even the Son of God had questions for God on His worst day. You may never get the answer to that question, it is ok for you to ask. That does not offend God.
*Realize that until you get to Heaven, there are some things you will never understand.*
You cannot comprehend everything in your tiny mind. His thoughts and mind are higher than ours. Our God is that great.
There are just some things in this world you cannot or will not understand.
Job is 35 chapters of "Why?". In Chapter 38, God comes by and asks "Who is this who asks questions that lack wisdom?"
Job 42:2 "I know that you can do all things; no plan of Yours can be thwarted"
Job 42:3, 5
You probably wont ever get those answers until you get to Heaven. It is ok to ask why, but you have to be ok with never getting the answers
John 19:28-29 Be human enough to acknowledge your need
On your worst day, it is ok to admit when you need help.
The greatest value of small group is the ability to get close enough to someone to let them know what is truly going on in your life. *If no one but you knows your secrets, you are in trouble*
The curriculum of his small group was to state the current state of your soul. It took about 4-5 weeks for the masks to come off.
James 5:16 Confess your sins to each other and pray for each other so that you may be healed.
You don't forgive one another, but to God for forgiveness. Each other for healing.
"Friendship is born at the moment, when one says to another 'You too? I thought I was the only one'."
You are not looking at one another who have it all together. When you open up, you will be healed.
John 19:30 When He had received the drink, He said "It is finished", but it is not the final statement
What was Jesus teaching us with that? *My struggles have a purpose and my pain has an end.*
It is crazy when you don't even know why you feel that way.
He never would have gone looking for something else if his life had never gotten comfortable.
Your pain has a purpose, and an end. If you don't know that, you haven't served God long enough. Find someone who has someone who does.
2 Timothy 1:12 I am suffering... Yet I am not ashamed, because I know whom I have believed, and am convinced that he is able to guard what I have entrusted to Him for that day.
*2 Timothy 4:18 The Lord will rescue me from every evil attack and will bring me safely to His Heavenly Kingdom. To Him be glory for ever and ever. Amen.*
Luke 23:44-46 "Father, into your hands I commit my spirit."
At some point, when you go through something incredibly difficult, you will have to surrender your life into God's hands and let Him take the wheel.
*Finally surrender your life to God, and let it go*
