# Unseen
## The battle you dont see
The battles might seem in front of us, experiential, but in reality are spiritual
The enemy wants to kill things in your life, but he also wants to destroy you
### Know your authority
Ephesians 6:12 Our struggle is not against flesh and blood
There are times when you try and take authority, but you feel like a phony
Matthew 28 "All authority on Heaven and on earth has been given to Me"
After Jesus conquered death, He gained authority over earth too, not just Heaven
We are ambassadors of Christ, we carry the authority of Christ
Ephesians 6:10-17 After you have everything to stand, just stand
*The authority doesn't come from our works, from trying harder, but comes from something bigger than us. Jesus*
**The belt of truth holds everything else together**
The thing that holds everything else together is the truth. We can always stand on the truth of God
The bible shows us that peace is standing firm when everything else is chaotic
Peace doesnt come and go. Regardless of circumstance, I can stand firm and have peace in whatever situation I am in
Your firstline of defense is faith. The leatherbound shields actually extinquish the flaming arrows.
We all have those moments where the enemy comes in and lies
If you are struggling with family or relationships, the enemy will tell you that you are alone
You cant lay in bed letting the thoughts take hold and circulate, you need to stand and hold up your shield
Sometimes the challenge is you literally have to stand up and fight against the lies you are hearing
Anything that could be a fatal injury is protected by the breastplate of righteousness. Purity, holiness, standing against the things the world does
Most have just the helmet of salvation on, and wonder why they are beat up after the battle
*Spiritual warfare starts after obedience*
Jesus doesn't just want to be your savior, He wants to be Lord of your life
If you are trying to fight the external, but not surrendering on the root issue, you are fighting on the wrong front
For everyone, there is something you cant quite let go of
It is for freedom that Christ set us free
"Is there anything in my life I havent surrendered to you?"
If you keep coming back to it, it is the lie of the enemy. The enemy wants you to stay in captivity.
What covers your mind is your salvation
Everything else is a piece of armor, but the sword of the Spirit, the word of God
The word of God is how you fight back against the enemy
1. Your Authority Comes from Who You Are
When you submit to God and resist the devil, the enemy will flee from you
Becoming an authority requires submitting to authority
Authority comes from who you are. The way you interact with people and treat people is where your authority comes from.
Focus on who you are becoming. The world will tell you it is what you do.
God is more concerned with who you are than what you do
*Authority provides direction, provision and protection*
If you want to be a person of authority, it always starts with being under authority
The bible is always counterintuitive
2. Authority is Released Through Your Words
Jesus has already given you all authority, you are just learning how to exercise it
There is power in your words, life and death is in your tongue
If you want to know where someone is at, just listen to them
If you want to be married one day, dont speak it over yourself that you are going to forever be single
It is better to speak faith than be in agreement with the lies of the enemy
*People who overcome see through the lens of faith and humility*
The breastplate of righteousness is all about humility. You have to humble yourself and speak words of faith
3. Authority Requires Activation
*The activation is to ask for vision on what you have yet to surrender*
You call on the name of Jesus
There is now power in just speaking words over it, but through the power of The Word
When life gets hard, you get serious and take more action
Wherever you are at, if you are at the bottom, dont just take it from the enemy, stand up and fight. Quote the Word of God. Praise God in your situation
What do I need to take authority over?
A. Oppression
B. Sickness
C. Fear
D. Sin / Temptation
