# Friend of God
The bible talks a lot about the way we can relate to God, but one of the ways is through friendship
Friendship with God is one of the deepest, most intimate relationships we can ever have
The young adult age group is the loneliest of all of them
We can sometimes think the Christian life is all battle, but based on scripture, it is meant to be enjoyed and fulfilling
*The friendship of the Lord is a holy closeness made possible by God's grace, revealed through Jesus, and experienced by the Holy Spirit*
Psalm 25:14 The friendship of the Lord is with them that fear Him
You are able to have friendship with authority because it starts with respect
When we approach a relationship with God with reverance and respect, it can lead to a deeply intimate relationship with Him
We can often think friendship means casual
We can often feel as though God is distant, so other, His greatness no one can fathom.
We often dont realize we can access a friendship with God. There is always more available than what we are accessing
We can think God is harsh and judgemental. But if you really read the scripture, you can see His graciousness
Throughout Exodus, we see God's presence as fire
Exodus 33:7-11
From chapter 3 to 33, God goes from introducing Himself to Moses, to speaking to Moses as a friend
You can have this type of love from God, a brotherly love
The level of friendship where your friend can come into your messy room and talk about life, you can have with God
Exodus 33:18-23 God, let me behold your glory
After Moses saw God's glory, his face was glowing so much he had to have it veiled
2 corinthians 3:18 And we all, with unveiled face, beholding thr glory of the Lord, are being transformed into the same image from one degree of glory to another. For this comes from the Lord who is the Spirit.
What Moses could only experience in a moment, you have full access to through the Holy Spirit
The highest level of relationship we can have is friendship with God
3 truths about friendship with God:
1. Friendship with God is found in obedience
Moses wasnt perfect, but he was obedient to God
If you just trust God with that next step and walk with obedience
This isnt to say that if you are just obedient, God will like you. But with alignment, there is an intimacy.
When you share the same purpose, you grow closer to that person
You cant want closeness with God while resisting the path God has laid out for you
James 4:4 Friendship with the world is enmity with God.
Friendship with the world looks like loving what God hates. Living for approval, status, money, pleasure, something other than the Lord as your personal aim
"If there is anything that could interfere with my relationship with you, dethrone it"
Be careful of wanting God in addition to our lifestyle
You can go the friendship of the world, or friendship with God
2. Friendship with God is Evident to Others
The evidence of your life is the greatest evangelical tool in your life. Friendship with God changes how you talk, date, engage in conflict, the jokes you make when no one is around, and how people feel around you. The biggest display of the gospel is in your life.
People can become attracted to your relationship with God. "There is something different about that person"
3. Friendship with God is found in the Holy Spirit
What Moses experienced for moments we can experience fully at any time
Friendship with God looks like conviction with the Holy Spirit
What did you do last time God said "no"? When He said "go do that thing"?
It looks like being aware of His nearness
The biggest conflict with spiritual warfare is people not even realizing it is a thing
We often wait for these mountaintop moments, and then next week, we realize we havent read our bible
It is up to us to say "im going to spend time with God today"
You are longing for closeness, you are trying so hard, but closeness doesn't come from striving, but surrender
Through the Holy Spirit, friendship with God is available to you, right now
