Fruitful

How important are words really?

Words have incredible staying power

Proverbs 18:21 The tongue has the power of life and death, and those who love it will eat its fruit

Genesis 1:3

John 1:1

Matthew 4:4

John 1:14

James 3:5

The average person speaks 7k words per day

Teens 10k, young adults 12k

Men and women equal out. Men with tasks/info and women with emotions

Matthew 12:33-37 the mouth speaks what the heart is full of

For by your words you will be acquitted, and by your words you will be condemned

Do you ever think to yourself “how did that get in there?”

Why would you say that? Our words come from our thoughts. Your thought may not be a problem, but it can be if you choose to verbalize it

People use filler words because they are trying to catch up with what they are thinking, with their mouth

We have to get down into our heart. The closer you get to Jesus, the more your heart and emotions begin to change. When you are close to Him, you start to feel as He feels and speak His words.

Internal filters:

- Established patterns

- Unresolved pain

- Irritable (tired, hunger, etc)

Have you ever had a conversation with someone, and realize “this isnt about me, but someone they dealt with prior”

Outside influences:

- Family upbringing

- Friend group

- Cultural narratives (media inputs)

- Enemy

Flesh is what makes the mic drop, but it doesnt create a following, it makes people hide from you

Three questions:

1.  What's the pattern of my words?

Proverbs 26:18

Like a maniac firing flaming arrows of death “I was only joking”

Proverbs 12:18

2.  What do I need to stop saying?

Ephesians 4:29 Do not let any rotten talk come out of your mouths, but only what is helpful for building others up according to their needs

Whatever fruit is rotten can infect good fruit

Stop saying:

- Reckless words

- Words that tear down

- Words that injure

- Words that assign motive

- Words that leave no hope for growth (You never… you always…)

3.  What do I need to start saying?

Start saying:

- Life-giving words

- Words that build up

- Words that heal

- Words that affirm the other person's experience

- Words filled with hope and faith

Proverbs 16:24 gracious words are a honeycomb, sweet to the soul and healing to the bones

It's not about how you feel, it is about the God of the universe flowing through you. They are waiting to hear words from you that you can have with no one else.
