Fruitful

A Different Kind of Success

*We are being transformed into the image of Christ from the point at which we are saved*

Sometimes life can feel like “there's no way I can win this”

John 15:1-16

Jesus says that by being a disciple, you will bear fruit

*Bearing means to produce something*

*Fruit means what is produced*

Bearing fruit means the product of what is produced by your life

The problem with bearing fruit is that we are often oblivious to our own fruit

When we abide in Jesus, we can bear much fruit, fruit that remains

The people in the old testament are often referred to as the vine

Bearing fruit:

- Fruit is an expectation

If you have been walking with God, it is an expectation that you should be bearing fruit in your life

He can hear the person is saying everything he wants to hear, but his heart isnt there

We can get good at faking fruit

If you havent felt conviction with a sin in your life, it is only a matter of time until it bears fruit in your life

Fruit is an expectation, but you cant fake it

If you arent connected to the vine, it isnt going to happen

If we are doing all the right things, but there is no fruit, we might need to reevaluate the foundation

If the fruit is all plagued, what is the source?

- Fruit is Visible

It is easier to see fruit in others than ourselves

*It is not that they changed, but the proximity to their fruit has changed*

If you struggle with the people closest to you, the fruit in your life is difficult to be around

Our job is not to blame everyone else, but question if i am really connected to the vine?

“God, where am I at with you?”

The closest fruit is what the people around you think of you

What is the fruit coming out of my life?

- Fruit takes Time

It is not about what you can do, but who you are

He is always convicted to slow down. God isnt in a hurry. Our culture says “hurry”

- Fruit Multiplies

You arent attracted to them, but the fruit coming out of their life. It is not them, but their fruit.

You can tell when someone has been connected to Jesus for many years

<u>What does it look like to abide in Jesus?</u>

1.  Presence \> Productivity

We put the most value on it

We feel busy when we arent doing enough

The model of Jesus isnt busy, but presence, time. Slow down

Presence is unhurried time with Jesus

You become so busy, you dont spend any time with Jesus

Is there even a moment where God can speak to you?

It is a relationship, not a task

You fill every ounce of your day with something, that you leave no margin for Jesus

The quiet time with Jesus in the morning isnt meant to stay there, but come with you all day

Acts 3:19

No amount of activities replace time with God

There is joy and a renewed sense of purpose when you spend time with God

2.  Connection \> Content

We replace all of those things for Jesus, with podcasts and the like

Content will not replace your relationship with Jesus

Worship music will not replace praising God today with your mouth

We miss doing so many things for God with the process

When you spend time with Him, you wont give it up, it renews your strength

3.  Abiding = Love

*If you have a sin problem, you don't have a sin problem, but a love problem*

They did all the right stuff, but they couldnt get a breakthrough because they havent really been with Jesus

When you get close to somebody like that, there is a severance from the vine, they lost their first love in Jesus

If you cant get a breakthrough, instead of avoiding a thing, spend more time chasing Jesus

*What's your first love? What sits on the throne of your heart?*

It is the fact that they are doing all the things, but they arent connected to Jesus

*If you never got that thing, would Jesus be enough for you?*

**What's the first thing from a relationship with Christ?**

It's not impact, but personal development

Doesnt mean you wont do great things, but if impact is the thing on the throne of your heart, and not God, you are doing it for the wrong reasons

Over time, you build a history with God

Sometimes, we overly formulate it. Just spend time with Jesus.

When you are connected to the vine, you cant help but produce fruit
