Fruit that Lasts

Every one of you can make a lasting, eternal impact in someone in your community this week

Fruit that lasts is the fruit that we want

John 13-17 being the farewell discourse of Jesus with His disciples before He goes to the cross

John 14:1-6 “You know the way to the place where I am going” “Lord, we dont know where you are going, so how can we know the way?” “I am the way the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father Except through me.”

*That door is narrow, but it is open to all who would walk through it*

“Whowoever should believe in Him will have everlasting life. He was not sent to condemn the world, but to save it.”

We have got to point them to the way, show them the way through Jesus

*Heaven is real, hell is real, and eternity is a long time*

*The weight of when you grasp the reality of eternity is what will guide you more than anything else in your life*

***The greater this reality, the greater intensity you live, to make an impact in the lives of others***

“We just wanted to take everyone with us”

There are people in your life you will want to take with you

It is not easy. It is not naturally easy. But with the supernatural God behind you, it gets easier.

How to bear lasting fruit:

1.  Be OPEN to being used by God

Be open to the idea that God wants to use you. Not just the person next to you or someone else, but God wants to use YOU

1 Corinthians 3:6,8 I planted the seed, Apollos watered it, but God has been making it grow… The one who plants and the one who waters have one purpose, and they will each be rewarded according to their own labor.

A lot of the most fruitful people are not always the most extroverted charismatic people, but the quiet people who bear abundant fruit

Simple, small acts of kindness can have a profound impact on the people here

“If there are those kinds of people there, I want to go and check it out”

2.  Be aware of what God is doing around you

John 4 "Don't you have a saying ‘it’s still four months until harvest?’ I tell you, open your eyes and look at the fields! They are ripe for harvest.”

It is amazing the number of people, open your eyes. Open your heart.

Let your heart be moved with compassion. “God, what are you doing here? Open my eyes here. Move my heart to move with Your’s.”

You sit in the stands of a ball game and think “God, what are you doing here?”

3.  Be responsive to the prompting of the Holy Spirit

Galatians 5:25 Since we live by the Spirit, let us keep in step with the Spirit.”

Have you ever had God put a name on your heart while you are praying?

When you walk in the Spirit, you take the pressure off of yourself. When you partner with the Holy Spirit and He guides you, the results are far more fruitful.

*Be obedient to the one who is leading you*

Ask “God, highlight one person in that place” wherever you go

4.  Be ready to share your hope

1 Peter 3:15 Always be prepared to give an answer to everyone who asks you to give the reason for the hope that you have. But do this with gentleness and respect.

*Always add value to someone before you tell them about the Good News*

If someone is in pain, just recall what you did in their position, and how Jesus moved in you

The best part of what happens in this process is not just what is on stage, but they are sitting next to you

The way you do this, is contagious

“The power of connection in church” book

Connection is not networking and brokering, you made a connection when they feel that value

Someone has to go first

The connector isnt just the bravest, but the one who is willing to do it afraid

Step out of your comfort zone to be used

“What do you say when you meet someone for the first time” “Why dont you come to church with us?”

You can have amazing stories from just a yard sign

To lead someone to Christ at a bible study, then told a guy he was meeting for coffee about it, and he led him to Christ. Then he got a call from a guy who got into the Navy and was thankful to him and Him, who was originally homeless a year ago

1 Thessalonians 2:19-20

There are people who have accomplished their dreams, but there is nothing like the sense of being used by God to make an eternal impact in the life of someone

The only thing we get to take to Heaven is people

*Would you enter into an agreement with God, that if He puts someone in your path, that you know He wants you to share your story with, would you talk to Him?*

He wants to know He is working with you, make all the deals you want
