Seven Statements from the Cross

Without the cross, there is no reconciliation for our sins

You are a 10 somewhere, but not everywhere

Hebrews 12:2 Keep your eyes on Jesus, who both began and finished this race we're in. Study how He did it.

Luke 23:34 “Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing”

Jesus looked at those abusing Him and said “forgive them”

*Forgive everyone who's offended you*

Unforgiveness grows in our soul, it causes us to be bitter, to not experience life in the way God intended for us to live it

Luke 17:1 it is impossible that no offenses should come, but woe to him when it does come

He experienced: betrayal, false accusation, rejection, abuse, humiliation

Hebrews 2:17-18 He had to come in human form, He had to walk through it all to model it for us, that He would be the only one to overcome what needs to be overcome

He who has been forgiven of much, forgives much

You never want to own up to your own stuff, but blame them for it

Feelings are terrible leaders. Feelings follow.

*Don't follow feelings, follow truth*

I know I have peace in my heart, because I obey God

*Forgiveness is a singleplayer game*

The forgiven forgive

“To be a Christian means to forgive the inexcusable because God has forgiven the inexcusable in you” C. S. Lewis

Luke 23:42-43 Jesus wasnt alone on the cross. One thief was mocking Jesus, the other said “Jesus, remember me when you come into your kingdom.”

*Help others who are experiencing your same struggle*

We can be blinded because of our pain

Proverbs 11:25 The generous will prosper; those who refresh others will themselves be refreshed.

If you are going through it, find someone who you can encourage

*If you are open, God will use your pain as someone's gain.*

**People connect way more to your losses than your victories**

If you have no weakness, you have no need of God. Embrace your weaknesses, allowing God to cover you and bring glory to Him

Jesus offers more than a better now. He offers a better place.

No man comes to the Father unless they come through the Cross

You have to point people back to The Savior

John 19:26-27 “Here is your mother” “Here is your son” Take care of each other

Even in your worst day, take care of those closest to you

It is easy to project our pain onto those around us

It is the behavior you are modeling onto your kids

The right way to lead is not to give everyone else your pain. But you are called to lead no matter what you are going through.

Too often he had given his job his best, and his family the rest. That isn't healthy.

4 decisions to make to not take it out on those you love:

1.  Identify the real problem

2.  Avoid the pity party

Whatever you focus on, you become full of

Fake it until you make it

3.  Live a connected life

Encourage one another, challenge one another, pray over one another

4.  Look to Jesus

Colossians 1:15-20 by making peace through His blood, shed on the cross

We don't have to project our pain onto everyone else

“Who am I to tell someone else? How did I have the privilege to do what I have done? Because I didn't quit, I looked to Jesus as my source.”

Give thanks, change your perspective, He can make you do things you didnt think were possible
