Fruitful

Fruit speaks to honor, to priority

It is a lifestyle that says if you give him the First, He will give you the rest

The first fruits principle says that God gets first priority in our lives

Proverbs 3:9-10

Romans 11:16

When we bring the best - first - God blesses the rest

Genesis 4:2-9

Hebrews 11:4 By faith Abel brought God a better offering than Cain did. By faith he was commended as righteous when God spoke well of his offerings.

What we do with the firstfruits reveals what is in our hearts

He grew up with “bring God your first, your best”

First you want God to bless what you are doing, no matter what it is. Ask for His blessing.

When it comes to our resources, it is bigger than our money.

Jeff isnt perfect, but he tries his best to thank God at the start of his day. He wants to give God the first of his day.

Give God the first in all that you do

Five Principles of Firstfruits:

1.  The Principle of Worship

Giving Honors God

The favored one isnt always the one who you think should deserve it, it is someone overlooked, that He sees

Worship is about the heart

When you move from a I-have-to to a I-get-to

Worship comes from the heart

2.  The Principle of the Tithe

Returning What Belongs to God

He doesn't give Jesus his first tenth because of this or that reason, he gives to Jesus

Leviticus 27:30 “A tithe of everything from the land, whether grain from the soil or fruit from the trees, belongs to the Lord; it is holy to the Lord”

The whole context of Malachi is that other nations will see your worship and believe in the fruit of your God

Matthew 23:23

The quicker you understand it, the more powerful it becomes

The firstfruits reveals the heart

What happens when you dont bring God the first, you are saying you are afraid He wont bring the rest

Every principle takes faith

3.  The Principle of Sowing and Reaping

Generosity Produces Spiritual Harvest

Those who sow sparingly reap sparingly

Proverbs 11:24 the world of the generous gets larger and larger; the world of the stingy gets smaller and smaller

Reciprocation is a big friendship word

Generous people are devising ways to be generous

When your hand is closed, the more you believe you are the protector of what you have, when you think you have the source, God has a way of reminding you that you cant make it rain. You arent just closing off your way of being generous, but also to be able to receive

It is more blessed to give than to receive

4.  The Principle of the Heavenly Storehouse

Investing in What Matters for Eternity

Anything you have comes from God's generosity

If you dont do consistent evaluation of “am I storing up too much?” Cause God says to store in Heaven

The person who thinks in terms of firstfruits thinks in terms of Eternity

“Don't thank me for the kindness, take it and pay it forward to 3 other people”

2 Corinthians 9:13 others will praise God for the obedience that accompanies your confession of the gospel of Christ and for your generosity

5.  The Principles of True Faitnfulness

How Does This Impact my Life?

Proverbs 11:24-25, 28 and 30

Whoever refreshes others will be refreshed

Those who trust in their riches will fall, but the righteous will thrive like a green leaf. The fruit of the righteous is a tree of life, and the one who is wise saves lives.

“He who is wise, saves souls”

He talked to the CEO of Hobby Lobby, and he said “Jeff, I'm not the owner”

Those in the marketplace are just as important as those on stage

His mom always said “that is great, how many people are going to heaven?”

1 Corinthians 15:20 But Christ has indeed been raised from the dead, the firstfruits of those who have fallen asleep.

*Jesus is best in first*

Jesus is our firstfruits
