“Bible” means set of books

The printing press was invented to speed up the process of manufacturing Bibles

“Codex sinaiticus” is the oldest copy of the complete Bible that we have, from 300AC

The Bible is more relational than it is informational. It is not a textbook, it is a conversation, a story.

*The purpose of the Bible is to show us who God is*

The single biggest factor for people growing in their relationship with God, it is reading the Bible. *It is how we learn to hear God's voice.*

It is one of the gifts of being in God's family is that you can hear His voice.

Why would the word Father be the most used word to describe Him? It is because it is to model our relationship with Him. He loves us like a father, because He is our Father. He loves you not because of what you did or do.

Originally, only the prophets could hear His voice. But after Jesus, we all can hear His voice. You just have to be willing to listen. And you listen by reading His word.

*Are you confident you can pick out His voice amongst all the others?* Think like being in a busy place like a waterpark.

*It is better to read your Bible once a day for 5 minutes than for an hour once every 2 weeks.*

**I dont want to be so dense that the only way I can hear Him, He has to shout**

Consistent hearing His word allows us to consistently hear Him.

There is a gap between where we want to be, and where we are. Aspirational and actual.

2 out of 3 people want to read the Bible, but they dont.

*Our problem isnt access, it is habits and intention for consistently doing it.*

Why is it hard to read the Bible?

1.  “I dont see the immediate benefit”

2.  “I dont have time”

We make time for what we care about.

If you are passionate about something, time will pass and you wont notice, because *you love it*.

What if God's word became that thing for you?

3.  “I dont understand it”

“We dont read the Bible, the Bible reads us.”

No dictatorship could stop the Bible from being distributed. The word of God has persevered, and it always will.

The disciples were more like us than we realize.

In the Greek worldview, everyone wants to know “why”. But in Hebrew, everyone understands God is God and we are not.

The Bible is one big story, that is a library of books, that always points to Jesus.

Memorize and meditate on the word.

The brain is the most energy taxing organ in your body.

Someone's family was transformed because their husband started reading the bible for 5 minutes a day, then 10 minutes, then 15, then 20, then 30.

Read the Bible out loud for 1 minute out of
