Values 301 Week 5

The Holy Spirit

The role of the holy spirit in the life of the believer:

1.  He seals us into redemption

2.  He is our helper.

3.  He teaches us all things and helps us remember God's truth.

4.  He guides us into all Truth.

5.  He helps us in our weakness and intercedes for us.

How cool is it when the holy spirit impresses you? When you feel a sudden need to send someone a text or to say something to someone or do something, and it happens?

The Baptism with the Holy Spirit

1.  Being filled with the holy spirit

2.  Receiving the holy spirit

3.  The holy spirit… (read later)

Three-fold relationship with the holy spirit:

- Para = With

- En = In

- Epi = Upon

Manifestations of the holy spirit:

1.  Boldness

The disciples used to be scared and fearful, but then they became bold. You will approach these environments with boldness.

2.  Prophecy

Prophecy is encouragement. God uses you in these ways.

He is kind and gentle in His encouragement.

3.  Tongues

I will sing with my spirit, but i will sing with my understanding.

God will use tongues to break through language barriers. It is not common, but He will use supernatural forces.

Receiving the baptism with the holy spirit

1.  Just as with salvation, you believe, you ask and then you receive.

2.  Trust that God is a good God and that His gift is good and available to those who ask.

<!-- -->

1.  Qualifications for serving at Milestone are not gifts of the spirit, but the fruits of the spirit

2.  Our goal is unity, not uniformity or conformity

3.  Our hope is that you will avail yourself to the work of the holy spirit

4.  

The only way he had to be able to fulfill God's purpose for him is that he had to submit to other spiritual leaders.
