Let's Talk Family

Psalm 78:1-7 Our greatest assignment as parents and grandparents is to transfer our values and faith, which come from a loving God to our children and grandchildren

Transfers: Faith, values, hope and truth

Deuteronomy 6:7

Judges 2:10 The next generation didnt even know the Lord or what He did

What they dont respond to:

1.  Inauthentic Perfectionism

2.  Judgement without Relationship

3.  Fear-based Messaging (want to be called into something, not run from something)

What do they respond to;

1.  Authenticity over Authority

    1.  They respond to:

        1.  Real people with real stories

        2.  Vulnerability

        3.  Faith in process

    2.  Why?

        1.  They've grown up in a world of curated personas and are weary of facades. They crave something real, even if it's messy.

    3.  What they're saying:

        1.  Dont just preach at me, show me how to live this

2.  Purpose and Calling

    1.  What they respond to:

        1.  A faith that gives meaning and direction

    2.  Why?

        1.  Only 33% of Gen Alpha believe they have

3.  Community and Belonging

    1.  They respond to:

        1.  Relational warmth

        2.  Community engagement

        3.  A sense of family before belief

    2.  Why?

        1.  Loneliness and disconnection are an epidemics.

4.  Conversation Over Monologue

    1.  They respond to:

        1.  Dialogue

        2.  Questions

        3.  Space to wrestle

    2.  Why?

        1.  They value exploration and dont want to be pressured into conformity. They respect guides, not gatekeepers.

    3.  What they're saying:

        1.  Let me ask questions without being judged.

God doesn't tell us what to do next, He says “take a step in faith”

People find belonging before belief

Speak life into them, not where they are. Affirm over them, they crave it.

Your prayers have power and push back the forces of darkness

Even in his darkest hour and when he tried to take his own life, God pursued him. ***Dont give up. Dont lose hope.***

What do I need to transfer?

- A picture of who God is

- A sense of identity and calling

- A hope that anchors them through storms
