Summer Nights

We are faced with integrity tests all the time.

Proverbs 10:9 “Whoever walks in integrity…”

We present differently than we are privately

Our lives end up looking very compartmentalized

Integrity means wholeness, completeness, purity

Integrity is what you do or how you live when no one is watching

1 Kings 9:1-9

David made a ton of mistakes, but was a man after God's own heart

God gave the Israelites what they wanted in 2 Kings 25, the temple was destroyed and shamed as they worshipped other Gods and and lost His grace and blessings

You might feel like everything outside is going great, but internally, you feel like you are living in a heap of rubble

God is not inviting us to punish ourselves over our past. He wants us to come to Him regardless.

I am not going to let my past define me

When we were still sinners, God still wanted to pursue us.

In a demonstration of His love for us, He is inviting us

How do I live a life marked by integrity?

1.  Pray and Confess

James 5:16 “Therefore confess your sins to each other…”

Immediately, you think that they will think of you differently, dealing with shame. But God is inviting us to tell someone else

The other person will actually gain respect for you when you confess

2.  Pre-determine your decision

We can choose to live on our emotions and feelings, but God has a different idea

Ahead of time, you decide nothing else will determine how you choose to live. You choose to predetermine your life

Live as I am grateful for what God has done

Im going to be the most positive person in their life and speak life into them

Finances? I'm going to tithe regardless and figure it out

Purity? Choose to wait for God's best rather than settle

Job 31:1 “I made a covenant with my eyes not to look lustfully at a young woman”

*You are not a bystander in your own life*

I don't know or care how my life was lived up to this point. I choose to live differently NOW

3.  Dwell on the promise

Deuteronomy 30:19-20 “For the Lord is your life…”

Live life in the knowledge that God is choosing something better for you

***If i want that future, I am going to choose that today***

I am going to make an integrous decision today
