Upward: Faith in Action

Week 3

General epistles are messages for the everyday believer

James 1:5

We can be people who live by conviction, not as the world would have us live.

James 3:1-12

Bits are the thing in a horses mouth that touches their sensitive area, that lets the rider guide them. Your tongue is the same.

With everything that is burning, it always starts with a small spark

**Everything started with a small spark. That spark; a word.**

God gave mankind dominion over the animals. The distinction? Words.

**There is power in the word of God**

What ruins relationships is a spark spoken in a bout of conviction. We have all had pain in this area.

We say the harshest things in the closest relationships, not out of hate, but care, but it can damage them.

<u>What is in our words?</u>

1.  Problems

**You can be direct and confrontational, but it is essential to speak life into people and say kind words.**

He became so accustomed to the way he lived, it became a habit and entered his heart. **What you do in private comes out in public, no matter what it is.**

He is always listening to what they are saying. That reveals where you are at in life.

2.  Permanence

The things someone spoke over you that affected you and you remember the rest of your life. You internalized that and identified with that.

**Sometimes we treat our words with the care of flipping a coin.**

Oftentimes, it is the people we care about that we are willing to gamble the entire relationship in a heated moment

It is not worth it all the time. You dont always have to respond out of anger. **Ask the Lord “dont let me speak in anger”**

3.  Power

There is no power in the daily affirmations, there is power in the word of God. Say “God, what do you say?” There is power in that.

There is power in the negative things we say in our lives. Be careful of what you say to yourself.

He would say “that's not what I do, thats not who I am” when he is working to overcome something. Dont just come into agreement

4.  Purpose

What are you saying? What is coming out of your mouth? That shows where your heart is at.

Your words show your heart. **Those who speak life bear fruit.**

**Words are seeds, you choose what they grow.**

Your words have power. It isnt about sarcasm, your words speak power over someone's life.

I am a child of God. I am a good friend.

We are never lying when we are agreeing with the promises of God.

“Im struggling with insecurity” is different than saying “im an insecure person”.

Why am I starting to feel more secure? Because ive spoken it over my life.

It is funny how you dont want to agree with what someone spoke over you, but kind of do?

Stop believing a lie.

As he started to read the word, he started speaking it over himself, and started to see it over his life.
