After Hours

Fall Edition

They had this dream in 2002 that there would be a church where people would not only love God, but others too.

*You are not running to something, but from something*

**When you run away, wherever you go, you are still there**

You might think the bible communicates a message to outsiders, but are you available to outsiders?

***It is a crazy feeling when you actually desire to know more about God, know Him more, and help others***

Building our lives around Christ-like people

***Love God, love other people.***

It changes how you interact with other people

*Mercy over judgement over others*

<u>Identity</u>

What is the main thing I think about when I think about myself?

*Until you know who God is, you don't know who you really are*

“The most important day of your life is the day you discover why you are here.” - Mark Twain

*Who am I, when I feel insecure?*

Set an example, don't let anyone put you down when you are young

**You tend to look for God when you are flat on your back, because you have nowhere else to look**

God doesn't just bless tribulation

*We grasp for the worst things in our life when God doesn't bless it.*

God values human life because He created human life

Most people start serving God, get traction, blow it, and go right back to the person they were.

Insecurity always tells us what we are not

Exodus 3:10-14 You feel the most insecurity when you are the furthest from God

*The more connected you are to that God who says “I am”, the more secure you are in yourself whom He lives in*

***What you are calling a problem in your life is actually not a quirk or design flaw, but a feature God built into your character.***

***The people who say they don't need a relationship need it the most, it is a cover for their insecurity. They long for the acceptance of a relationship, and their insecurity destroys what they desire.***

That little boy is still there…

<u>How to live more securely</u>

1.  Dont put your security in anything that cant sustain it

***Whatever you put your identity into the most will fail you the most***

The best marriage is two people who know they are insecure and that they need God.

You can't find your identity in your kids.

People will let you down

When you win, you want to tell your Dad

As great as his dad is, he cant be the source for his soul.

*You have to find your identity in Christ*.

2.  Lean into your weakness to leverage more of God's strength

The bible is not self-help

The most selling books are self help books. “Im gonna love myself”

The bible doesnt say “love yourself”, it says “deny yourself”

You cant forgive yourself, you are a sinner. You need a savior.

Who is Jesus to me?

Are we all here just playing mental gymnastics, or is He the Son of God

*Religious is an outward demonstration of activity of inward*…

2 Corinthians 12:9

*God doesn't work around our uncertainties, but with them*

You are going to have an insecure moment in your life. In church, at work, name it.

3.  Submit your self-talk and thoughts to the truth of God's word.

*You have to submit your self-talk*

**It doesnt go from your head to your heart, it must go from your heart to your head**

The battle is the ability to renew your mind in the truth of God's word

*God has a plan for my life. If He hasnt brought me what i want, He is still preparing what I am inside*.
