Faith that Works

A Study in the Book of James

*I recognize my faith, but I don’t know how it works and how to do it*

James paints a picture of what it looks like to be a follower of Jesus Christ

The truths of scripture will never change, unlike current dating trends

This is the first book written after Jesus’s death

<u>Context</u>

- 10-12 years after Jesus’ resurrection, church is advancing, spreading out due to persecution

- One of the earliest books of the New Testament (AD 44-49)

- Written by Jesus’ younger brother

- James (and Jesus’ other brothers) did not initially follow/believe

- After He’s resurrected, Jesus appears to His brother - everything changes

- James becomes the second pastor of the Church in Jerusalem

When the Bible was canonized, there was a lot of controversy as to whether or not it should be included

It talks about not just believing, but doing as well

One pastor says “if you were being convicted in a court of law of being a follower of Christ, would there be enough evidence to persecute you?”

<u>Primary purpose</u>

*For the faithful to endure hardship and to live out their faith in a real way*

James 1:22-25 “Do what it says. Not forgetting what they have heard, but doing it. Blessed in what they do.”

Luke 8:21 Original quote from Jesus on doing, not just hearing

The one who doesn’t do what they heard immediately forgets

When you study the word, you can either forget it immediately after, or do it

<u>Why do I want to Study the Book of James?</u>

- As an individual, I want to be an authentic follower of Christ

- As parents, we want our kids to have genuine convictions and values

- As friends, we want stable and healthy relationships

Peace is the new success

James talks about the culture of your life. It is either create peace and unity, or division

- As followers of Christ, we should care about what outsiders say about our faith.

“If a hypocrite is standing between you and God, he is closer to God than you are”

We all have an exterior front, but we should actually care about the faith in Jesus for those around us

<u>What does someone who is a doer of the word look like?</u>

1.  ***You can tell in a trial.***

James 1:2-3 Consider it pure joy when you face trials, because you know that the testing of your faith produces perseverance.

Personal note: I think God removed her from my life because He wants me to know that I love Him not just because of a woman in my life. I don’t need her to be close to Him. *He is the end goal.* He will give me the woman of my dreams. What He has planned for me will blow my mind far more than anything I can produce of my own desires. But this season of life is to prove to myself that I don’t need anyone else to have a great, loving relationship with Christ. ***For all things are possible through Him.***

Realizing that there is a substance to your relationship with Christ

- Yes

  - Trusting, anchored and enduring

- No

  - Double-minded toward God and unstable

Never underestimate what someone is going through.

*What if the enemy wanted to take my daughter and tell her that God isn’t good early in her life?*

Followers of Christ in a trial get better, not bitter

*Your test always leads to your testimony*

**Will you allow your trial to allow God in it?**

2.  You can tell in their Wisdom

James 1:5 If any of you lacks wisdom, you should ask God, who gives generously to all without finding fault, and it will be given to you

Proverbs 9:10 The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom

God is the one who has the solution I need. God has all the wisdom in the world.

Fear in the lord is not tormenting fear, it is in reverance of Him

- Yes

  - Rooted in reverence for God, continuously ask for help

- No

  - Led by emotions, foolishness and evil

This world wants a simple solution to complex problems.

*We want an algorithm God, one who shows us one side of Him at all times, one that solves everything, all the time.*

*The compossibility of God*

Other gods only have one thing to offer, my God has everything.

You don’t want only God’s justice, cause he would disintegrate you

People think the old testament version of God is just one who got out of bed on the wrong side. He is actually very merciful.

James 3:13 Who is wise and understanding among you? Let them show it by their good life, by deeds done in the humility that comes from wisdom.

*He is a benevolent God, one who showed you grace.*

In pickleball, it isn’t about power, but placement.

You need wisdom in your life, not just power.

<u>The types of people in the Bible</u>

- The Simple

  - Proverbs 14:15

  - The simple believe anything, but the prudent give thought to their steps

- The Foolish

  - Psalm 14:1

  - The fool says in his heart, “There is no God.”

    - The fools probably just don’t know.

- The Evil

  - Proverbs 2:13-15

  - Words are perverse… left the straight paths to walk in dark ways… delight in doing wrong… rejoice in the perverseness of evil… paths are crooked… devious in their ways.

- The Wise

  - James 3:17

  - But the wisdom that comes from heaven is first of all pure; then peace-loving, considerate, submissive, full of mercy and good fruit, impartial and sincere

*Don’t look for the shortcoming in others before you look at the shortcomings of yourself*

3.  You can tell in their Temptation

James 1:13-15 God cannot be tempted by evil, nor does he tempt anyone.

- Yes

  - Consistently resists, overcomes

- No

  - 1

Process of Temptation:

1.  Temptation

2.  Desire

3.  Action

4.  Consequences

Maybe you have been tempted by someone not your spouse, a shortcut.

***You can interrupt the process***

The more you drive close to the ditch, the more likely you are to end up in it.

“We are just grabbing coffee”

James 1:26-27 If you want to have an inward demonstration of inward piety, and want it to be real on the outside, you keep a tight rein on your tongue. (includes what you post)

*Lost people watch what you say, how you talk*

To look after orphans and widows

Why do we help out single moms? They have the same complications of widows in the day.

Keep oneself from being polluted by the world.

It is speech, service, and a spotless life

If you look in the mirror and look away, you feel guilt, shame, insignificance, failure and fear.

If you read and do the word, you will have it speak into you, joy, faith, perseverance, wisdom and blessing.

*Your kids will love it if you not only told them about them, but what you think about them*
