Built on This

Week 2

1 Thesselonians 5

The one thing that frustrates him is when someone just doesn't care. *How often are you living the life God called you to live?*

When you feel like your life is falling apart, nothing will help you more than picking up your weapon and taking on the enemy

**The Word of God is your weapon against the enemy**

We are people that love the presence of God

*The Presence of God is Irresistible*

Being in the presence of God is so much better than you can anticipate

***Your hunger for the presence of God is tied to your need***

You can live that way at all times of your life

Jesus ascended to heaven so that He can be in everyone via the Holy Spirit

***Emotions are followers, not leaders***

The presence of God should affect your emotions, and it will

<u>What Brings the Presence of God Close?</u>

When you obey God and do it the right way, there is a blessing.

1.  Praise

*God inhabits the praise of His people*

**Praise is not confined to a song, but a heart posture. Getting your eyes off of you and onto Him**

“God, I thank you for being good, for being my Creator, for dying on the cross for me” you will feel the presence of God if you do that

<u>Why is this difficult for us?</u>

- Cultural barrier

- ???

- Heritage barrier

2.  Humility

James 4:6 God opposes the proud but gives grace to the humble

3.  Faithfulness

*Faithfulness and consistency breed intimacy*

Faithfulness over a long period of time breeds intimacy

That person who is holy just was faithful over a long period of time, as it takes time. You build a relationship with Him, it takes time. Faithfulness brings God close

4.  Obedience

*The pure in heart will see God*

The decision to do things God's way will invite blessings in your life

When you make a decision to be pure with your eyes, the Holy Spirit will draw near to that

That person also has radical obedience “no matter what i feel or whatever someone says, I will obey your word”

5.  Unity

John 14:21 “Whoever has my commandments and keeps them, he it is who loves me. I will manifest in them.”

Matthew 18:29 “For where two or three gather in My name, I will be there”
