From Fearful to Faith-Filled

Steve Robinson

***There is a physiological connection between fear and stress.***

*To deal with the stress in your life, you have to deal with your fear.*

The perfect person to exemplify this is Gideon

There are demonic spirits in this nation like never before

Why am I dealing with so much stress in my life? It is because of all the fear in your life.

There is spiritual warfare in your life.

The biggest command in the bible is “Fear not” 366 times this is said in the bible

There is so much fear in our culture, and back then

2 Timothy 1:7 “For God has not given us a spirit of fear…”

Jeremiah 10:5-6 “LIke a scarecrow in a cucumber field… do not fear them, for they can do no harm, nor can they do any good. There is none like You, O LORD…”

Scarecrows cant do any harm, but they give the illusion that they can

*Was it real? No. Did I feel fear? Yes.*

All fear is fake, it is not real. **How many things in your life are fake and are not real?**

***It is not real. We must deal with our fear to become God’s man/woman.***

Judges 6:1-4 God’s chosen people were living caves, fearful of the enemy

They were hiding because they were scared of the enemy today

The enemy puts people in caves, and they submit to it

Judges 6:5-9 God says you forgot what He did for you

Judges 6:11 So much of our culture is in fear, not in faith

They got complacent because of the comforts of life

We should never get complacent with the shield of faith.

<u>How you can overcome fear</u>

There is good stress called you-stress, but we are talking about chronic stress

A literal demonic spirit of fear tormented him for 6 months

God is not giving you a spirit of fear, those thoughts are not originating from you.

1.  Respond with a cry to God

Judges 6:6 Midian so impoverished the Israelites that they cried out to the Lord for help.

2 things that cause people to change: revelation and tribulation, truth and pain. Lets be the people who change because of truth, not pain

Let’s learn from revelation, not tribulation.

John 5 Has your pain become so entrenched, that you let it become your identity, and you protect it? You do not have to live this way

*You cannot think your way out of all of your problems*

Break the silence in your life. How many people deal with their problems on their own?

Psalm 34:4 I sought the Lord, and He heard me, and delivered me from all my fears.

It started from the outside. You may own what it has become, but it didn’t start from within.

2.  Recognize who God is

*God is your solution, not your problem.*

Judges 6:11-12

How do I move from fear field to faith filled? *Break the silence*

Then, you need to have an encounter with God. You need to recognize who God is

We believe God does miracles today. Things do happen. He really does heal, break addiction.

When there is an encounter with the Lord, it is called a theophany

*Whenever God calls you to do something, it always starts with an encounter*

He says “I am God, you are not, you need My power”

*You don’t lean on education, you lean on God*

If you are in sales, why would you not lean on God? Why lean on your own skills?

Let the mindshift happen

*God is bigger than your x problem*

3.  Realize who you are

Biblical theology starts with God.

He is the manufacturer, we are the product

You forgot who you are in Christ. When you recognize who you are in God, you step forward. You forget, you hide.

Judges 6:12 When the angel of the Lord appeared to Gideon, he said “The Lord is with you, mighty warrior.”

*You are not your past. You are what God says about you.*

**When we come into God’s power, we come out different**

We are not who we say we are, but who God says we are

*God is not your problem, He is your solution*

**People cry during worship, because you are being touched by God, having an encounter with God. Realizing you are not just a mind, but a spirit.**

4.  Receive God’s Provision of Peace

God wanted to be sure there was peace in his soul when he goes into battle

“When you come out of that cave, I want you coming out as a different man”

Judges 6:23-24 “Peace! Do not be afraid. You are not going to die.”

Shalom means wholeness, peace

***The new success is peace***

It doesn’t matter how many boats you have, houses you have, if you cant enjoy it because there is no peace on the inside, chaos spills out, the new success is peace

John 14:27 “Peace I leave with you, My peace I give to you, not as the world gives do I give to you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid.”

People don’t know how to live in calm anymore

***You can’t have the peace of God, unless you are at peace with God***

The payment of sin is not yours, you can never pay for your sin. Christ paid the price. *You are a sinner, and need a savior.*

*I can’t pray for you, but I can pray with you*

It is when you confess Christ. You personally have to receive Christ.

*Your uncle being a Deacon, or going to church, doesn’t make you a Christian. Neither does standing in the middle of a garage make you a car.*
