MYA

Beyond Tuesday

*When Power Meets Purpose*

2 Corinthians 5:18-20

“As though God is making His appeal through us”

God usually doesnt reveal Himself as Himself to us, He prefers to use us, partner with us. The way we handle ourselves is a representation of Jesus. Do I represent Jesus to those around me?

Everyone has the same purpose, but a different calling. Our shared purpose is to make Christ known in the world.

*Sometimes, when we feel like everything is on the line, we fumble the most.*

**There is a pairing of power and purpose in your life**

Your purpose is predictable, the greatest command is to go and make disciples. *How many people have you shared your faith with? Have you invited to church?*

There is a way we are supposed to live, but we fumble at actually living it out.

*Not from a lack of purpose, but power in our lives.*

Acts 1:8 “You will receive power when the Holy Spirit comes on you; and you will be My witnesses”

The fact that every person can have the Holy Spirit within them, not just priests and preachers, was a powerful fact at the time.

Acts 2:36-41

Peter was someone who was hot-headed, and the Holy Spirit still used him.

*The only time the holy spirit gets out of hand is when it is aimless*

**The empowerment of the holy spirit is for reaching the lost people**

*One of the lies we can buy into is that the power of salvation is in us. But it is not, it is in the Holy Spirit.*

1.  Sharing what Jesus has done in your life.

2.  Living in a way that points people to him.

We should be the hardest working people, most positive people.

3.  Saying “yes” when God opens a door.

<u>What does it mean to be a witness?</u>

1.  The Holy Spirit Empowers what Fear Tries to Silence

Fear began to lie to him when he was going to invite his barista to church.

The power of the Holy Spirit empowers us, but fear silences us

“You are going to make it weird with that barista” is a lie the enemy tells us

2.  The Power Isn't in Your Personality

“Im not someone who -blank-” the power doesnt lie in us, it isnt dependent on us. God gave us our abilities. It is the power of the Holy Spirit moving through you that can change

*If it Changed You, It Can Change Someone Else*

The power is the power of Jesus

3.  Boldness Is a Byproduct of Being Filled

When you get saved, the Holy Spirit fills you

*The purpose of the Holy Spirit is to be a witness. Not for you, but for other people.*

Acts 1-7 Baptizing with the Holy Spirit

There's moments where God can give you a gift, *but the evidence of the Holy Spirit is Boldness*

There was a boldness in his life to be a witness.

You have the purpose, just might be lacking the power component.
