Faith That Works

Week ?

If you have received Christ in your life, there should be some outward evidence.

*If you were put on trial for being a Christ follower, is there evidence they could use against you?*

**Peace is the new success**

If you don’t have peace, you are missing out on what life is all about

*If you are in trouble, if you are sick, call together everyone of the church and lay hands upon that person*

***People who are lost, act lost***

“Lord, just help us keep right posture and the right heart. Lord, if people matter to you, let them matter to us. They are your kids, so let them matter to us.” -Prayer

Don’t look in the mirror, forgetting what God’s vision for you is and look for something else

Jesus was full of mercy and truth

*You might be a truth teller, but have no friends to tell the truth to*

God has a moral standard

*Your biggest burden is attention in your relationships*

Why Can’t We All Just Get Along?

James asks two questions:

1.  “Who is wise and understanding among you?” 3:13

There was a study that said the root of almost all evil in the world was too high of a view of yourself

Now, our culture says if you don’t have enough of a self esteem, that is what causes troubles

2.  “What causes fights and quarrels among you?” 4:1

When our grandparents looked in the mirror, they thought “do I look presentable?” Now, our culture looks in the mirror with a performance mindset, and not a “who am I?” but a “What do I look like?” mindset

James 3:14-17 For where you have envy and selfish ambition, there you find disorder and every evil practice. Wisdom from heaven is pure, peace-loving, considerate, submissive, full of mercy and good fruit, impartial and sincere.

*We want to see some fruit from your life*

We dont want every evil disorder, every evil practice. Submit, be full of mercy.

*We have a culture that is all about me. It is hard to have good relationships when it is all about me.*

***You don’t get to define yourself, yourself.***

Christ-Centered vs Self-Centered, Humble vs Prideful

James 4:6 “God opposes the proud, but shows favor to the humble.”

I’ve got enough opposition to have God oppose me

***Wherever there is pride, comes the opposition of God***

He finds himself wincing in pain when he sees pride

People who are humble get along with people better

*Submission vs Control/Self-Sufficient*

James 4:7-8 “Resist the devil, and he will flee from you. Submit to God, and He will come to you.”

“If God is so good, then why do bad things happen?” We won’t know this side of heaven, but we know God is good. But we do know that we reap what we sow.

Maybe some of what you are going through is God opposing you. Why is it that when we are in pain, we retreat from God and the house of God?

*Dependent vs. Independent*

***You are a very dependent person***

James 4:2-3 “You covet but you cannot get what you want, so you quarrel and fight. You do not have because you do not ask God. When you ask, you do not receive, because you ask with wrong motives..”

Any time you don’t trust God, you manipulate people.

“God, I’m dependent on you.”

*Financial Integrity vs Selfish*

One of the biggest sources of arguments is financial problems

Take care of orphans and widows, because James says that shows Christ-likeness

He read about widows, and got a burden, realizing that single moms are the widows of our current day.

**What does this have to do with me? James 5:2-3**

“Your wealth has rotted, and moths have eaten your clothes. Your gold and silver are corroded.”

Most people think:

“I will be generous” or “I have been generous”

That’s different than “I am generous”

*Persevere vs Flaky*\
The person who promises a lot, but delivers little? Lots of opinions, but little substance?

James 5:7-8 “Be patient… You too, be patient and persevere”

James 5:11 “as you know, we count as blessed those who have persevered”

*Show me your fruit. Show me your fruit of your relationships.*

***Those that are blessed are those that persevere***

*Prayerful vs Isolated*

James 5:14-15 “Is anyone among you sick? Let them call the elders of the church to pray over them and anoint them with oil in the name of the Lord. And the prayer offered in faith will make the sick person well.”

*“Confess your sins to one another so that you may be healed.”*

When someone prays over you, you are giving them the opportunity to have them not be God, but have God use them to help you.

*The devil tells us that when we are going through something, the more we don’t need God.*

*Raise an environment where your children love each other and serve each other.*

Your siblings are your longest living relationships.

He’s seen God cause reconciliation in the wildest circumstances.

***God’s in the business of reconciliation. Will you let him move in you?***
