Christmas Moments

Most people believe you have to do something to get closer to The Perfect God. *You can't.*

The cross is a symbol of His payment, His sacrifice, for you.

***Jesus is alive***

There is a 400 year period of silence between the book of Malachi to when an angel appears to Zechariah

Zechariah and Elizabeth were childless, though righteous.

We can feel as though God is angry with us, because He isn't giving us what we want.

***If you are in the waiting, God is working, in ways we usually don't understand.***

Don't you wish you could track God? We cant, but there are patterns He follows.

1.  It generally involves a season of waiting.

**Seek first the Kingdom of Heaven, and He will give to you all the desires of your heart**

*He wants me to pursue Him aggressively, with massive intent. If I want her, I have to find her through Him.*

2.  Waiting is not sitting idle; we cooperate with Him

If you are waiting for what He will say next, then be more faithful with what He has already said.

Isaiah 40:31

Maybe God is waiting because He has more work for you. Maybe He wants you to want Him, not just what He can give you.

What do we do in the waiting?

- Don't get bitter

- Don't fall into comparison

There is no win in comparison. There is no fruit in it. That person's story has more complexities you are not aware of.

Many times, while one is in the waiting, they will use someone else as a point of comparison

- Don't settle for less

It is ok to hold on to God being big

3.  It is always bigger than you think

I would not have written my life like that, but God is faithful, He is good. He is a better writer than I could ever be.
