Grace

Love in Action

Grace is used 170 times in the bible, usually used in the writings of Paul.

“...the compassionate and gracious God, slow to anger, abounding in love and faithfulness…” Exodus 34:6

He gives his love even to those who dont deserve it

Grace is charis, which means gift

“The gift of God's kindness and favor upon those who don't deserve it.”

5 pieces to grace

1.  Saving grave

“for it is by grace you have been saved, through faith - and this is not from yourselves, it is the gift of God”

2.  Sanctifying grace

3.  Sharing grace

4.  Serving grace

Use whatever gift you have received to serve others

5.  Strengthening grace

My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness

He was good at putting up walls to people, but to Jesus, it was like the walls of Jericho, they came down.

Grace = love in action

Saving grace is love rescuing

Sanctifying grace is love cleansing

Sharing grace is love supplying

Serving grace is love assisting

Serving grace is love empowering

Hebrews 4:16 “Let us then approach God's throne of grace with confidence, so that we may receive mercy and find grace to help us in our time of need.”

\*2 Corinthians 12:7-10 (pride)\*

Delight in your weaknesses

“God opposes the proud but shows favor to the humble.” James 4:6

We are likely to live our lives in our own strength, which is pride.

You should ask God to fill you with his love and spirit when you wake up.

2\. The grace imparted to Paul was of greater value than the removal of the thorn.

Have you ever prayed sincerely, and your situation hasn't changed?

It is God's love to keep you in that moment, so that you may become strengthened.

Without struggle, you cannot gain strength.

3\. Paul recognizes that God's power is revealed through his weakness.

“So that God's power may rest upon me”

If you allow the struggle to happen, you will experience God's grace and gain strength.

There are so many times he wanted to run from loving correction. When there was conflict, he wanted to run.

“My power is perfect in your weakness.” A message from God to me.
