Grace: Love in Action

Week 2

Grace is something we feel every day.

“For the grace of God has appeared that offers salvation to all people.” Titus 2:11

The messaging can feel confusing at times

Common grace of God- All the little ways God shows us grace

The pattern of scripture how people have a relationship with God:

- God lives with people… until sin and His trust is broken.

  - The best of you will cannot escape sin

- People try to earn God's favor.

- God comes to people and invites them into a covenant: Noah, Abraham, Joseph, Moses

- People fail time and time again.

- God sends His Son to us as the ultimate covenant.

  - Jesus comes to preach and heal, died to save us, rose to empower us

- Early church

  - The life, death and resurrection of Jesus

“Therefore, since we have been justified through faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ, through whom we have gained access by faith into this grace in which we now stand. And we boast in the hope of the glory of God” Romans 5:1-2

You arent leaning on your righteousness, but the righteousness of Jesus

Grace is how we enter the relationship, but it is also how we grow in the relationship

It isn't “its all about rules” or “its all good”, both are unhealthy

At some point, you need some rules, but we cant think “thank God im not a sinner like all these other people” You start thinking “im so spiritual” but it breaks down

The other side starts as “its a party, follow your heart, yay!”

But both end where God gives you forgiveness for your sins, but consequences for your actions happen eventually

Those unintended consequences can hit the people you love

Trust in Jesus

The life He offers is truly life

That is the grace of God

How do we respond to the Grace of God?

1.  We rest in the finished work of what he has done.

    1.  It isnt about you, what you did or didnt do, it is about resting in the security of God

    2.  Rest is the state of “God is God, and i am not”

    3.  We are frustrated and anxious when we try and act like God

2.  We press on to become who He's called us to be.

    1.  We grow not because he loves us, but because he already loves us

“It is God's will that you will be sanctified…” 1 Thessalonians 4:3a

When Jesus was covered in blood, he was in the garden praying for us

“But just as he who called you is holy, so be holy in all you do; for it is written: “Be holy, because I am holy.” 1 Peter 1:15-16

God disciplines those He loves. It isnt because He is upset with you, but because He is preparing you.

3.  We extend this grace of God to others.

    1.  There is a difference between cheap grace and costly grace

    2.  Forgive others, just as Christ Jesus forgave you

“One who loves a pure heart and speaks with grace will have the king for a friend.” Proverbs 22:11

Grace should make us hard to offend

You can be the one who can extend the grace of God
