MYA

Authentic (Relationships Week 2)

Not focusing as much on our horizontal relationships this time around.

This season of life, God is taking you through a process

What is a process? (John Maxwell)

- Creates development

- Matures you

- Changes you

- Is difficult

- Works on your heart

Genesis 38:2-11 Joseph having issues with his brothers

Genesis 43:26 Joseph's brothers bowed to him

“The level at which you engage with the process will determine who you will become.”

Are you pressing into what God is doing in your life? Or are you resistant?

4 processes we all walk through

1.  Purity (2 Timothy 2:21)

    1.  It is the kindness of God that leads us to repentance

    2.  No matter what happens, God sees it

2.  Forgiveness

    1.  There are a few points or moments of pain that you really just hold onto, whether in childhood or in your relationships

    2.  He wanted others to pay for what they did to him, but there is nothing they could ever do right

    3.  We can always forgive, but you dont feel like it. It is not an emotion, but a choice. I know how much God has forgiven me for, what right do I have to not forgive them?

    4.  You will never have blessings in your current relationships until you heal from the pain of previous ones.

3.  Security

    1.  The number one thing he runs into with young people is insecurity.

    2.  Secure people think about other people. Insecure people think about themselves. When your eyes come off yourself, you lose your insecurity.

    3.  Sometimes, it can just get on you.

    4.  It is not pride, but it is a confidence God has given you.

4.  Purpose

    1.  You have gifts and talents, and there is something more, but most don't see a doorway to get to that.

    2.  He thought an escape the process he was being taken through was God's calling. It can be easy to confuse it.

    3.  Be wary of escapes you chase to stay out of the process God is walking you through.
