“Let's Talk Family”

Ephesians 3:15 “...from whom every family in heaven and on earth derives its name.”

The contrast between a fixed mindset and a growth mindset.

Fixed believes “this is who i am” and that abilities/intelligence are static.

“This is who our family is.”

Growth believes “im getting better” that abilities/intelligence are developed through effort and persistence

“Our family is getting better over time.”

The \#1 place that we can grow is learning how to love those we love the most.

Maybe you relate to Ruth, where she had tragedy in the family. Her entire lineage had pain and struggle, and it all led to Jesus.

“There is no way He can move in my life” He has, and He will continue to do so.

If you want to represent God's family, you have to start with love.

1 Corinthians 13:4-7 “Love is patient, love is kind… rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres.”

We like to think we are self-aware.

We all want to be there for our families, why is it so hard? It all starts with self-awareness.

A lot of the time, we dont even know why we caused pain.

StrengthsFinder and WeaknessFinder

The goal isnt to figure out how the world should serve you, but how you can serve the world

The 5 Love Languages

Introvert and Extrovert

One recharges alone, the other recharges with others

1 Peter 4:8-9 “Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins. Offer hospitality to one another without grumbling.”

How do we learn how to love those we love most?

1.  Get honest about where you're at and commit to grow.

2.  Consistently communicate and connect.

With those in your home, you can create meaningful connections every day.

- Emphasize transitions

  - Kiss your spouse before you walk out the door

  - Pray on important days

  - When you're back from work, walk in ready to engage, listen, and celebrate- not on your phone, distracted, or annoyed

  - Don't go to bed angry with your spouse.

- With those outside of your home, you can create a meaningful connection every week.

  - One little text, just telling people that you are praying for them, can mean the world.

  - Lean into big moments

  - Big gaps don't make for good connection

  - Find things you can laugh at together

  - Develop shared interests

  - Add value and demonstrate thoughtfulness
