Authentic

Relationship Series

The health of all of your relationships starts with your relationship with Jesus

John 15:13-14 Laying down your life for another

**Friends = Future**

The people you surround yourself with, you look up after 5 years and wonder “how did I end up here?”

Around 12% of adults claim to have no close friends at all, up from 3% in 1990.

Solomon could have asked for anything, but he asked for wisdom. God was blown away by his answer, but grants it.

Ecclesiastes is one of the wisdom books, like Proverbs

Ecclesiastes 4:9-12 A threefold cord is not quickly broken

Jesus was in the garden, and asked for his three closest friends to be with him, and they fell asleep in his time of need.

He was just disappointed.

He didnt put all His hope and confidence in His friends, so He didn't fall apart. He put it in God

How Do I have Godly Friendships?

1.  Be the first to Initiate

It can be scary to initiate in a friendship

“When you are secure in who God has made you to be, you do not need friends to validate your worth.”

*It is easier to be secure when you dont keep score*

God hasnt called us to keep score

Celebrate, encourage, give value… and expect nothing in return.

When you feel jealousy, pray for them. *When you pray for people, it is hard to be jealous*

2.  Fight for Unity

You cant let someone who is not moving towards Jesus in your inner circle, because *you will start to act like that*

It is more about choosing to stay at peace during strife

Normally, what splits up relationships is so silly

Toxic Cycle

You find a friend/have a friend -\> Disagreement/offense -\> Desire to be right -\> Drift apart -\> Friendship falls apart -\> Repeat

Most things are not as important as the relationship. *You have to let things roll off your back*

Where there is unity, there comes a blessing

We can over-boundary people out of our circle until we are alone

*Best way to live is to be the hardest person to offend*

“Dont let them get your goat”

Take the high-road, choose Unity over strife

2 Corinthians 13:11

Nothing in our flesh wants to be humble. It wants to be right, be even, have the last word, not be told what to do, etc.

Someone who has longevity in a friendship has humility.

Not just finding a friend, but keeping a friend.

3.  Set Realistic Expectations

“Best friends” are not the goal

Nothing in the bible says anything about best friends, as it is an unrealistic expectation

We can be overdefining in our relationships

What happens when your accountability partner goes with someone else? You fostered an offense that shouldnt have been an offense in the first place

Dont set expectations the other cant deliver on

1 practical step:

Initiate a connection with one new person tonight

People pleasers and people pressers

One gives and seeks validation and affirmation from others, the other sets too high of expecations and people tend to pull away

God can bring you into a place of unity

Phillippians 6:4-7
