Values 301 Week 6

People dont feel what you do, they feel what you feel. When you are generous, they feel it.

When you are a generous person, you are outside yourself.

Everything belongs to God, but He is generous, so He gives it

Psalm 24:1

We are stewards, they aren't ours.

You never look more like Jesus than when you are giving

The number one barrier to giving is fear.

3 ways to be generous:

1.  Time

- Put God First

Matthew 11:25 “But seek first His kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well.”

The Ten Commandments are like this too. **If you dont put Him first, the others will crop up**

- Prioritize relationships

Proverbs 11:35 “A generous person will prosper; whoever refreshes others will be refreshed”

Ty never wants to be too busy for anybody

Are you a calendar guarder, or time giver?

If you are the latter, you will look up and see so much relational equity

2.  Talent

Where do I make the most impact with the least effort?

How do I add it to God's kingdom that He is building?

The body of Christ isnt in completion if your gifts arent attached

- 1 Peter 4:10 “Each of you should use whatever gifts you have received to serve others

- Give your best to Jesus and what He is building

3.  Treasure

- Matthew 6:19-21 “For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also”

Tithe

Easy math, hard obedience

Leviticus 27:30

Proverbs 3:9-10

Malachi 3:8-12 “Bring the whole tithe into the storehouse, that there may be food in my house.”

Matthew 23:23

Offering = Sacrificial gift over and above the tithe

3 reasons people dont tithe:

1.  They're afraid they wont have enough.

2.  They think they're more generous than they are.

3.  They don't take God at His word.

4 Motivations strong enough to empower you to tithe

1.  You trust God as your source.

2.  You love God more than money.

3.  You believe God has more for you, not less.

4.  You believe God's plan begins with His church.

When his son tithed, and his friend got saved, he got a sense of ownership over his tithe, and understood its meaning.

“Generous people devise ways to be generous”
