Authentic

Relationship Series

“Id love to have a great, God-first marriage”

- Don't think its possible

- Have let a previous relationship, or family experience, taint this vision

- Are single and think this season is forever

- Are married and are wondering if the marriage will last

Genesis 2:18, 24

“It is not good for the man to be alone. I will make a helper suitable for him.” “That is why a man leaves his father and mother and is united to his wife, and they become one flesh.”

Matthew 19:6

“Therefore what God has joined together, let nothing separate.”

God's design for marriage:

Roles: One man, one woman. Equal in value, different in function.

“He laid his life down for her.” This is the most significant role of the man.

A Godly man evokes her beauty.

The word “dating” isn't in the Bible.

How do you get more discernment in this area? You can get a lot of discernment through conversation. So, men, you have to ask someone for coffee.

He is supposed to see her in the same way Christ sees the church.

She respects, submits and honors his lead.

She is a helper, not “behind” or “beneath” him.

Do you have a heart to serve your wife and lay down your life for her?

How does God sees the union between a man and a woman?

Relationship:

Covenant is a God commitment, NOT a contract.

There will be days you won't want to love your spouse.

The world sees dating as a game and marriage is disposable.

Outside of the biblical grounds of breaking the covenant, you are ride or die.

It is a constant pursuit for the rest of your life.

God - Man - Woman, an equilateral triangle

As two people of one flesh make God the center of their relationship…

Marriage is simply a glimpse of the fullness and wholeness of eternity

There is something in all of our hearts to think of eternity

How do we experience it?

1.  It starts with you!

    1.  We talk about dating about other people, but it starts with you first

    2.  Marriage does not complete you, it compliments you in the call God has for your life

    3.  How's it going on the inside? Its character over building chemistry with somebody. Its not supposed to be heavy, but a check on your life.

    4.  We are setting ourselves up for the future. You are developing habits for your future spouse. What is your future spouse going to be blessed with? Are you building habits that will bless your spouse?

    5.  We create lies that when we get married, things will go away. But in reality, it all comes with.

    6.  With pornography, the desire is not bad, but it manifests in the wrong places and robs your confidence. From just that one thing, it robs your confidence, corrupts your soul, and makes you think it is best so why bother.

    7.  You can't say you want God's best without walking His best. Don't live together before getting married, if you are worried, do more on the frontend.

    8.  Dont just marry the right person, you become the right person.

2.  We don't do it alone!

    1.  A healthy life comes from transparency, not secrecy

    2.  Love is blind, but your spiritual family isn't. You might need some people to help you not fall into the ditch.

    3.  It gives you speed through this season.

    4.  Who in your life can speak into your relationships?

    5.  Whoever has their life based in Christ tends to have good relationships. Find someone who can speak into your life.

3.  Take steps

    1.  What is the step you need to take in this space? Is it relational health?

In each season:

Single:

Use this season to grow in identity and purpose, don't just search for a partner.

Dating:

Set Godly boundaries and goals, and bring in trusted voices.

Married:

Intentionally invest in each other. Invest consistently- spiritually, emotionally, and practically.

If you arent walking in God's best, 2 reasons why:

You arent aware…

You didnt believe you could have God's best…

Based in fear, you start making decisions you regret
