Stronger

Rather than the “rugged individualism” that has become so prominent in our culture, focus on bonding with spiritual family

The Bible refers to “brothers and sisters” more than individualism

Ecclesiastes 4:9-10 “Two are better than one, because they have a good return for their labor: If either of them falls down, one can help the other up. But pity anyone who falls and has no one to help them up.”

We have a loneliness epidemic

Fulfilling relationships have a profound impact on our immune system, sleep, etc.

We have a lot of acquaintances, not as much of a deeper connection with others

We are all going to trip, but pity the one who has no one to help them up

***<u>The whole thing is relationships. The rest is details.</u>***

Do we need connections? Yes

Networks are transactional

Do we need friends? Yes

Do we need community? Yes

There is a communal family, but community is shallow

We don't need more friends, we need family

Psalm 68:6 “God sets the lonely in families, he leads out the prisoners with singing; *but the rebellious live in a sun-scorched land*.”

The dryness of so many people's Christianity is that their relationships are transactional

1 Corinthians 12:18 “But in fact God has placed the parts in the body, every one of them, just as he wanted them to be.”

The same intentionality you have for **what**, have for **who**

You are stronger with spiritual family, and the first step is to know where God has placed you.

Your destiny is tied to your relationships

Our culture nowadays is more mobile, but we are starving for family

When you don't have family, you can get bitter, and not better

Ruth 1:16-17 “May the Lord deal with me, be it ever so severely, if even death separates you and me.”

Based on a relational decision, she ended up in the lineage of Jesus

God delivers you a Who for what you need

How are we strengthened by God?

1.  How do I know where God's placed me?

    1.  First, it's a conviction.

    2.  Second, there's confirmation.

    3.  It's like a tuning fork

    4.  For it to be useful, you have to hear the note

    5.  “I've been waiting for someone to say that”

    6.  Teams have a note, families have a note, your home has a note

    7.  Whatever note you are listening to, you will become like

2.  What are the barriers to spiritual family?

    1.  Undervalued

    2.  Sometimes we do not reap where we do not sow

    3.  We invest for later

    4.  We build relationships today for the hurt of tomorrow

    5.  Lack of self-awareness/isolation

    6.  Consumer/transactional

    7.  Past hurts and challenges

    8.  The quality of your life is your ability to handle conflict in your relationships

3.  What are the benefits of spiritual family?

    1.  Fulfillment- I'm part of something bigger than myself

    2.  It's not friendly, it's family

    3.  There's the “we” contribution

    4.  You cant be a “christian consumer” and grow

    5.  Growth- We discover our gifts when we serve others

    6.  Help!- Especially in times of trouble or pain

    7.  When they talk about the need for brothers and sisters in times of need, they are here to help

    8.  God called me to serve you, that's why I love you

4.  What is the purpose of spiritual family?

    1.  Ephesians 3:10 “His intent was that now, through the church, the manifold wisdom of God should be made known to the rulers and authorities in the heavenly realms…”

    2.  You make an individual decision to follow Jesus

    3.  They don't see us, they see Jesus

    4.  
