Authentic

Final Week

80% of relationship advice in the Bible is about the Great Commission

Commission = Co-mission = Partnership on the mission

It is how you see other people and the world

Exclusivity - The Great Commission - Individualism

We can neglect to invite others into our place when we get comfortable

Our relationship with Jesus is personal, but not necessarily private

9 out of 10 Christians believed you should share your faith in 1993

Now, it is ⅔

You can't help but share the good news with everybody

Romans 10:14-15 “How beautiful are the feet of those who bring the good news”

Your perspective on things is going to be different than those of others

*Jesus’ heart is on lost people*

If our heart is us-centric, that is one besides that of Jesus’

What's my perspective?

1.  Do you believe the gospel is still powerful enough to change lives today?

We put too much power and pressure on ourselves and not on God

We don't save people, we put too much pressure on ourselves. But Jesus doesn't need us to do all of His work. Have faith in Him.

2.  Do you see evangelism as an obligation or a privilege?

1 Corinthians 9:16 “...woe to me if I do not preach the gospel!”

3.  Am I modeling a life worth imitating?

1 Corinthians 1:11

You can have a conviction to abstain from things, but what convictions has the Holy Spirit given you to move towards?

A teachable spirit invites discipleship

You might present yourself as “I know everything”, which would repel people from pouring into you.

“When the student is ready, a teacher appears”

Have I invited them in, but do I have a spirit that wants to grow?

4.  Who am I intentionally investing in?

2 Timothy 2:2

Where do you find someone looking to be discipled? Anywhere there are people, there are people looking and hungry to grow

Discipleship doesn't care about life circumstances

If Jesus is teaching you, you have something to give

What do I do?

1.  Pray

    1.  “Give me a heart for them”

2.  Invest

    1.  “Give me a chance to invest into them, to love them”

3.  Invite

You need to have that emotional equity invested in the people you want to influence
