Joy Bomb

Not everyone is going to see from the same vantage point when it comes to concepts in the bible

Even ChatGPT said that Jesus Christ gave the most important lesson on joy in the world

Your happiness matters to God

You might have to reframe your reflex on the church when it comes to your happiness

Happiness and joy is not based on circumstance, personality, emotional states, or anything else like that

How we view scriptures is how we view God

If i can't see the scriptures correctly, I don't see God correctly

In God's presence is the fullness of joy

If joy is in God's presence, God's presence must be in joy

How do we experience this joy?

Famous last words, famous first words

The last word of your first testament is curse. The last word of the new testament is blessed.

The first interaction of God with humanity is that he blessed them and told them to be fruitful and multiply

Blessed = happy

The first word Jesus said in His first sermon was happy.

If that was His first word, how important must it be to God?

The heart and will of God is for you to be happy/blessed

Matthew 5:1-10

Happy are they… x8

Jesus is the doorway into happiness

The journey is inward

Joy is an inside job

7 categories of happiness: intellectual, vocational, social, physical, nature, humor, spiritual

The last one being spiritual happiness

Every human is able to experience the first 6. But we try and curate our lives around them to try and fill the void of the 7th and last.

Anyone can experience the first 6 whether they believe or not.

Spiritual happiness is the seal around the soul. Without it, we can take everything, and still be empty. You can get promoted, make more money, get married, and still be frustrated and unhappy and lonely.

You can spend a ton of time working for God, and spend so little time with Him

We spend a lot of time surrounding ourselves around things which are not Jesus. But the source of true happiness is not present. Am I gathering my heart around Him?

He also chooses location carefully, not just His words

Once every 5 years (5, 10, 15, 20), take one kid alone with mom and dad.

When you show up somewhere, you have an expectation from what you have heard

We think we graduate high school or college, we think it will be magical and the happiest place on earth. Then we go to work, get married, buy a house, start a family, and always push happiness back

Instead of “what's in it for me?” Ask “whats in me for it?”

Instead of building a life you are always trying to escape, build one where joy is in the monotony.

We are confusing different with good and destiny. Stop trying to pick fruit in a field someone else harvested, sow your own seeds.

Mount Aramis is technically a hill, but Jesus chose to do it there. We often look for supernatural things to make what we do significant. Just because it isn't spectacular doesn't mean it isn't significant.

We will spend more times on Aramis than Zion. More in the desolate, isolated, but strong days than the spectacular days.

Joy exists in desolate and isolated places. The strength of true joy exists there, because Jesus was there.

He wasn't giving you the traits of a Jesus follower, He is framing the kingdom of Heaven

He was the one who became poor in spirit

Allow joy to reintroduce you to Jesus.

He gave us permission to feel. Too many Christian circles disregard your emotions. The road out of grievance is through grief. The road out of loss is not laughter, but tears.

We think if we hold it in, it makes us strong. But it is through the demonstration of our weakness that we gain strength from the Lord

The joy before Him is you. He died to give you permission to be joyous.

You spell joy J.E S.U.S.
