Authentic

1 Corinthians 13

Where do I need to let go of some baggage?

<u>Are you the friend you are looking for?</u>

John 15:13-14 No greater love than to lay down one's life for a friend

True love is sacrificial

1 Corinthians 13:4-11 The traits of love

Traps: People Pleasers vs. People Pressers

If you are afraid, roller coasters are a “conquer your fear opportunity”

People pleasers say yes to avoid conflict, but set aside honesty for approval

Pressers forces opinions onto others, but all they do is control rather than connect

*Courageous honesty with grace*

You can say the right thing, but without grace, it isnt portrayed well.

Traps: Insecurity vs pride

Overprocessing social interactions, getting overly critical with yourself isnt conviction, but insecurity

Pride being not able to admit faults

*Humble confidence.*

**Secure people dont keep score.**

Insecurity isnt a trait, it is an emotion.

*Boldness comes from the holy spirit*

Traps: Clingers vs. Distant

Clingers have constant need, distants can be hard to connect with.

<u>What marks a Godly friend?</u>

1.  Love at all times

2.  Listens well

3.  Bears burdens

4.  Forgives and shows grace

We can say “i know about that person that one time”, but you have to ask “what about me?”

Proverbs 17:17

A true friend is not seasonal or circumstantial.

We can put these expectations on our relationships…

I want those friendships where I can pick up again later

Love is unconditional

When you are quicker to listen than to speak, it changes the dynamic

Work on being interested rather than being interesting. Quickest way to win influence.

Galatians 6:2 Carry each other's burdens.

“Spiritual family”

It can be quick to jump to “did anyone come to me in my hard moments?”

Are you the person that shows up when someone is going through something?

Do you help a friend in need with money or dinner at their apartment, stop to help change a tire?

When you serve enough, eventually, you won't believe what will happen when you look up and see everyone wanting to be with you.

Galatians 4:13? Forgive one another

Can you forgive from your past relationships?

Forgiveness is a choice.

Forgiveness is one of the biggest barriers towards being a Godly friend

“Where I am right now is not where I should be right now” is *a rejection of what God has planned for you*

He went through a lonely period, but he had to *renew his mind*. We don't have to stay where we are, we can renew and start to change.

Every time you have a thought, confess that you are secure, have faith in God.
