Summer at Milestone

By Steve ?

The enemy tries to shake you from your living hope.

Hopelessness is a lie

Ruth 1:12-13

Hopelessness says:

- Out of resources

- Out of time

- Out of favor

You might be out of resources, but He is never out of riches

We have a God that can redeem time, accelerate time. The end is always better than the beginning.

The hand of the Lord is not against you.

A guy built a multimillion dollar company, had a coupe that shoved him out of it, and he was afraid that God punished him because he didn't do some things ethically behind the scenes.

He built a new company, and in 2 years, outcompeted what he had done with the old company in 15

Romans 5:3-5 Glory in tribulations, tribulation produces perseverance, perseverance produces character, character produces hope

1.  Tribulation

The pressure we find ourselves under

Ruth 1:1,3 Famine, loss of spouse

Whenever something is lacking in your life, hopelessness tries to squeeze hope out of you

2 Corinthians 4:8 We are hard pressed on every side, but not crushed…

Through my battles, I will discover God like I never will have in my blessings

At the end of the day, I will be victorious

John 16:33 “*In this world you will have tribulation; but be of good cheer, I have overcome the world.*”

2.  Perseverance

For tribulation produces perseverance

Ruth 1:14 Orpah went backwards, while Ruth hung on. God does not have what He plans for you behind you, but in front of you

In Ruth, Orpah is always mentioned first

Because Orpah went backwards, she missed out on what God had in mind for her.

Signs of giving up:

- Discouraged

- Isolated

- Cynical

Something dies inside of you.

They pull away from friends, family, God.

Then they become cynical.

From the heart, the mouth speaks. They will speak their ending before the book is finished

3.  Character

The ability to show restraint

Ruth 3:10, 11 The Lord bless you, my daughter… you have not run after the younger men, whether rich or poor… all the people in my town know that you are a woman of noble character

She showed restraint

Psalm 46:10 “Be still and know I am God.” The most noble thing you can do is be still.

Jesus was tempted in every way, but He never spoke hopelessness

Psalm 16:9 “my flesh shall rest in hope”

The greatest strength you can have is show restraint against the temptations of the flesh.

Ruth 3:18 “Be still, my daughter, until this matter settles”

Why don't you just trust God? Be still and have hope.

4.  Hope

Romans 5:4, 5 “and character, hope. Now hope does not disappoint.”

**Key thought**: *Hope is a divine appointment*

Ruth 2:19

God does some of His best work in the dark
