Have I decided to trust God?

Hebrews 11:1 Faith is the substance of things hoped for, what is unseen

The opposite of faith is fear

Do you believe God has something better for you? Do you believe He has a plan for you?

God is transcendant, but also near. Be careful of going to either extreme.

You can miss out on the fact that He wants a relationship with you when you believe that He is high and mighty

2 Camps: Blessing and Suffering

God wants to bless us, but He also calls us to carry our cross daily.

“If I had trusted God more, if I had more faith”

“This is just my burden to bare”

If you have a desire to be married, don't use your season of singleness as a coverup for your lack of faith

<u>Fear-</u>

Worried about what others think

Overly analytical

Don't believe there is better

Insecure

<u>Faith-</u>

Know who they are

Trust the process

Believe God has better

Secure

Noah built the boat for 55-75 years

*After every faith step, every time God shows up, there is another faith step.*

You move from faith to faith, glory to glory

1.  Remember His faithfulness

It is recognizing God showing up in your life over and over again that builds your faith

When you remember, you aren't afraid of what is to come

2.  Discipline ourselves to trust God

You deal with your emotions and it affects your faith

“What I feel about this situation is what is true” be careful about over-identifying over your feelings

Stop identifying with your feelings and start speaking truth

We discipline ourselves to trust God

If you want to get better at anything, you have to do it.

If you want to get better at your relationships, you have to invest into them

We let our feelings determine the truth. Feelings have value, but keep them out of the driver seat

We feel like if we dont follow the feeling, we arent being “real”

Im not going to follow the feeling, but speak the truth.

“Lord, help me follow what is true, whether I feel like it or not”

When you are full of faith, it looks like this: “Even though I can't see it, I can see it.”

You can see it, even when no one else can see it.

All of that comes by disciplining ourselves

3.  Speak what God said, not what you see

Out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks

It is easy to have conviction when you are with other believers, but how are you when you are on your own in your room?

What is the \#1 people struggle with today when it comes to faith?

It's relationships. Do you believe God has the perfect person out there for you?

Does your confession match your faith?

Do you believe God has better for you?

You would never know what God can do with an act of obedience and an act of faith

*God responds to faith*

4.  Receive an importation of faith

Faith is a gift from God

People's faith rubs off on you
