Upward

Faith in Action

A series on the book of James

**ALL OR NOTHING**

James 1:5

The book of James is a collection of 12 teachings

The word “Lordship” is what we are studying tonight

Another word for lordship is “authority”

There is authority that has been placed in your life. There are people who are in your life that are an authority.

“How many of you would say if you struggle with authority?” We all struggle with authority.

We tend to rely on our ownselves, that we are self-sufficient. But that isnt what the Bible says

If you are having troubles with your boss, coach, parents, etc. It may not actually be them, but a reflection of your perspective on authority.

When you get saved, that's a theological term called “justification”

We dont take a step towards being a better person, we are born anew. It is the start of a new process.

How do we start to live like Jesus?

Jesus is the Prince of Peace, the Messiah. The most common name is Lord. What does that actually mean?

**James is all about your heart**

**Jesus came to earth because He wants your heart. He wants everything, your motives, beliefs, everything.**

<u>Key aspects of Lordship:</u>

1.  Authority

We all struggle with this

We think God is our authority, but are we ruled by our emotions?

2.  Submission

We think we are forfeiting ourselves, but it is talking about yielding your heart to God

Its not that we are no longer valuable, but we are surrendering our heart to God, allowing Him to have the final say

**You dont post decide to follow, you pre decide**

3.  Relationship

Maybe you think it is about rules, but it is actually about having a relationship.

**He wants a relationship with you, He wants your heart.**

4.  Transformation

James is talking about yielding your heart to God

Usually, if you have an authority problem, it is not with them, but what God is trying to do in you.

It is not about the authority, but what God is doing in you

In that process of Lordship, you begin to transform

1.  Surrender

We all have things we dont want anyone else knowing about

You present well on the front end, but you know the closets arent clean.

On the outside, you are clean. But broken on the inside.

**God isnt looking for the cleaned up version of you, the time you read in your Bible, prayed, did good. HE WANTS ALL OF YOU.**

We all have things we haven't surrendered to God

2.  Repent

No matter what it is, we have to come back to a place of repentance

Not repenting is like walking in a direction, saying sorry, and keeping walking in the same direction.

Biblical repentance isnt just a heart posture, but action, a changing of ways.

**In a moment, you can change.**

He was discipling someone, and the guy said he felt like there was no coming back, he felt so guilty. He felt the weight of his sin.

**You are guilty. That's why you need a savior.**

<u>Godly Sorrow vs Worldly Sorrow</u>

- Humility vs Pride

People try to tight-grip it, that's worldly

- Righteousness vs Fear of being caught

Fearing God, vs fear of your reputation, what others will think of you. **Thinking more about what the world thinks vs what God thinks**

- Purity vs Reputation

***You can change. But you can't do it on your own. You need Him.***

3.  Remain

**Remain in purity. Dont fall back.**

If Jesus is not Lord of all, He's not Lord at all

If He isn't in control of everything, He isn't in control at all

*He stopped writing what he was going to do, and instead, who he was going to be*

He said “this is what God is calling me to be”

Saying “God, you have Lordship over my life”

He sinned and was willing to be radical
