Next Gen Weekend

Judges 2:10 After that whole generation had been gathered to their ancestors, another generation grew up who knew neither the Lord nor what He had done for Israel

They don't need another friend, they have plenty of those. They need mothers and fathers, coaches and mentors, people to pour into them and to pour into.

1 Timothy 4:12 Don't let anyone look down on you because you are young, but set an example for the believers in speech, in conduct, in love, in faith and in purity.

5 Milestone Kids Values

1.  Know God’s Love

2.  Follow Jesus

3.  Grow in God’s Word

4.  Honor Others

5.  Find Good Friends

We want to align our values with God’s word, not the other way around.

A kid started praying for his friend who didn’t really know God or go to church. He got a burden for his friend, and then his friend’s life was changed forever, as he gave his life to Christ and got baptised.

Where Students Are At, and the Parent’s Role to Play

Prioritize putting your kids in an environment that would foster a desire and hunger to pursue God.

*As great as a church can be, there is no substitute for a parent that is leading their kids to Jesus*

Deuteronomy 6:6-7 Write these commandments that I’ve given you today on your hearts. Get them inside of you and then get them inside your children. Talk about them wherever you are, sitting at home or walking in the street; talk about them from the time you get up in the morning to when you fall into bed at night.

1 Peter 2:9 You are a chosen people, a royal priesthood… God’s special possession.

The kids were told that they are loved, they are chosen. Words of affirmation were spoken into them.

One thing to the young adults: you don't have to navigate this season alone

One of the most common things he hears is that they feel isolated in this season.

18-30, you make some of the biggest decisions of your life. You also learn how to have faith of your own for the first time.

Feeling isolated and feeling stuck…

*Find your people, find your purpose*

It’s the relationships

Ecclesiastes 4:9-12 Two are better than one… If either of them falls down, one can help the other up… though one may be overpowered, two can defend themselves. A cord of three strands is not quickly broken.

One of the most important things that a parent should/will do is carry on their faith in their kids.
