Live Lighter

Overcoming Everything that Weighs Us Down

You can’t get through the first chapter in the Bible without God talking about work

*The Hebrew word for Worship is the same root word for Work*

He wants to meet you in your workplace

<u>What the Research says about our Work:</u>

- 93% of employees are looking for a new job or plan to in the next year

- 65% of employees say work is a significant source of stress

- Employees with high workplace stress are 3x more likely to report poor sleep and 2.5x more likely to feel burned out.

Matthew 11:28-29 Take my yoke upon you and *learn from me*, for I am gentle and humble in heart, and you will find rest for your souls

“You think you are better than us” No, I just want to see the world

He had all kinds of jobs. And what we do has a fundamental influence on how we see ourselves.

When we ask “what do you do?” is another way of saying “Who are you?”

*We want to project importance and significance*

Over the last decade, there has been a significant shift in how people relate to their work

*Now, we look to work for what we traditionally look for in God*

<u>3 Greatest Quality Most People Want from Their Job:</u>

- Purpose/Meaning - What I do matters.

Why do we name our kids certain names? We want to imbue them with significance.

- Growth/Development - I’m getting better at what I do.

- Flexibility/Autonomy - I want to be trusted and empowered.

When we come to work, we have big dreams and hopes

“If only I could find that perfect, dream job”

Dream job has become the new “soul mate”

“If only I could find that special, perfect person”

*The problem with a “dream job” is that it makes us hate our current job*

“Learned Helplessness”

People feel like no one recognizes their contribution

Most people feel this way because they don’t have the right view

*“The arrival fallacy”* You realize, “is this all this really is?”

Philippians 2:3-7, 12-13 In your relationships with one another, have the same mindset as Christ Jesus. Who, being in very nature God, did not consider equality with God something to be used to his own advantage; rather, he made himself nothing by taking the very nature of a servant, being made in human likeness… For it is God who works in you to will and to act in order to fulfill his good purpose

The Romans admired those who stepped on their competition to get ahead

Note: The above passages are also great for leadership

*When God works in you, and you work out, you find purpose*

**No matter what your job is, you can work WITH and FOR God. And when you do, you find your PURPOSE in the PROCESS.**

Life is too short to not get this right.

*Purpose is always attached to Process.*

Bible Pattern: Are we the only ones in process?

- Abraham: 75-100, 25 years. Took 25 years to inherit the promise

- Joseph: 17-39, 22 years of waiting

- Moses: 40-80, 40 years

- David: 15-30, 15 years, had to wait 15 more years to fulfill his purpose

- Jesus: 12-30, 18 years. He knew His purpose when He was 12, didn’t start His ministry until He was 30.

When was the last time you reflected on God’s process in your life?

He was given his dream job, and realized he felt like “I don’t think this is what I am supposed to do”

There are moments, seasons where it doesn’t make sense.

If you just stay in that process, there comes a day that you will look back and realize “I didn’t see what you were up to until now…”

<u>How do we live lighter in work:</u>

1.  Because my identity is in Christ, I have nothing to prove and nobody to impress.

Trying to find meaning in superficial things

When Jesus starts His ministry, before He ever does anything, the first thing He does is get baptised. When that happened, God said “This is my Son, with whom I am well pleased”

That same Father can pour that love onto you whenever you want it if you just let Him.

You can look to your dreams and goals, or look to your Father for Him to say it. You remind yourself, every day you go into work, that “I do this all for you Jesus”.

2.  Because I’m a steward, I’m compelled to serve others with excellence.

If you are a follower of Christ, you are compelled to serve others with excellence.

Owners accumulate for themselves, servants accumulate for others.

“If God can supply all my needs, I can be generous and add value to others”

Matchers (Match what you do), Takers (See what they can get from you), Givers (Happy to be on the team), Excellence (People who look to excel in their service)

Proverbs 22:29 Do you see someone skilled in their work? They will serve before kings; they will not serve before officials of low rank.

Who wrote that? Solomon. The king.

There are people around you. Every owner is looking for good and ambitious people. *Look for the excellence.*

3.  Because my purpose is a process, I’m never finished growing.

Ambition isn’t bad. Selfish ambition is bad. But you should have goals.

How you frame getting older has a massive impact on how you view getting older.

People who are constantly frustrated and complaining about getting older are not happy. I’m excited about getting older. I’m excited about the next 20 years ahead of me.

At 90, this Cellist practices 3 hours a day. He already hit his peak, but he still experiences joy in finding improvement.

This is the message of Jesus. You are not stuck. The bible is full of people in low positions who changed the world. He is with you, whether you acknowledge Him or not.

***It is not in the moment that you catch the touchdown, it is all the moments that lead up to it.***

When you go to bed early, when you take out the trash, all the small things. Those who are faithful pay attention to the small things.

There is no person who is capping your purpose, your significance. If you will just work out what He is working in.
