Live Lighter

*The tank is running low, but the temperature is running high*

There is no human that can lift all the weight in the gym. You might hit crazy heights, but there will be a day in which you will think “I can’t lift all this weight.”

It is never just one thing.

When you are maxed out: fear becomes intensified. You say something to your spouse or your kid. Thinking “I probably shouldn’t talk right now.”

*Never make a massive life decision when you are maxed out*

Decision fatigue…

God gave us feelings, but He doesn’t intend for those feelings to dictate your life.

When we are under the weight, we can think that we are the only one.

- Moses- “I cannot carry all these people by myself; the burden is too heavy for me.” Numbers 11:14

When you take on too much, that isn’t always a bad thing. That usually allows you to draw nearer to Jesus and rely on Him.

- David- “My guilt has overwhelmed me like a burden to heavy to bear.” Psalm 38:4

- Job- “For sighing has become my daily food; my groans pour out like water. What I feared has come upon me; what I dreaded has happened to me. I have no peace, no quietness; I have no rest, but only turmoil” Job 3:24-26

- Hannah- “In her deep anguish, Hannah prayed to the Lord, weeping bitterly.” 1 Samuel 1:10

- Elijah- “Elijah was afraid and ran for his life… He came ot a broom bush, sat down under it and prayed that he might die. “I have had enough, Lord,” He said “Take my life…” 1 Kings 19:3-4

**We like the mountaintop, but we don’t grow on the mountaintop.**

The old testament characters, part of their role was to show that we humans get maxed out.

*You will get maxed out in your ability to carry in what you can carry. That is the hope of Jesus.*

You get fixated on the one thing.

**There is one who got under the bar and could not get maxed out. His name was Jesus.**

- Jesus- “...saying, “Father, if it is Your will, take this cup away from Me; NEVERTHELESS not My will, but Yours, be done.” Luke 22:42

“Surely he took up our pain and bore our suffering” Isaiah 53:4

Pressure does not create weight, only reveals

<u>What do we do when we’re maxed out?</u>

1.  We go back to what we know

Only Jesus can take our weight.

Jesus is exalted to the highest place. Philippians 2:9

2.  We follow Jesus’ example

How do I respond in “Maxed Out” moments?

- I am upset -\> Nevertheless, I will respond with kindness

- I am angry -\> Nevertheless I will not sin.

- I am hurting -\> Nevertheless I will forgive.

Why did Jesus give us that example? It centers us on Christ.

1.  We pray more than we proclaim

2.  We worship more than we worry

3.  We build up more than we tear down

James 1:19-20 “My dear brothers and sisters, take note of this: Everyone should be quick to listen, slow to speak and slow to become angry, because human anger does not produce the righteousness that God desires.”

1 Corinthians 11:23-25, 28-29 When you take communion, you should examine yourself

Many have gotten sick and weak because they didn’t discern the body of Christ, the people around you. “I want you to examine yourselves, but discern the Body”
