Upward

Faith in Action

A Series on the Book of James

“Don't Waste the Waiting”

When you read the bible, you are equipped for war.

You should have moments where you wait to hear from God. Give God time moments to just speak to you.

He would go into his closet, a place of stillness, listen to worship music, and ask God “what do you want to speak to me?”

James 1:5

James is the first book in the set of general epistles. It isnt written to a specific people, but to everybody.

*It starts with wisdom*

**God wants it for you, all you have to do is ask**

The beginning and the end of the book of James is all about waiting

We don't like to wait, but waiting isn't always negative.

James 5:7-8 He is talking about the end times

*You can't force the harvest time*

We aren't upset it happened, but that it didn't happen in the time we wanted it to happen

It isnt that we didnt get married, its that it didnt happen when we wanted it to happen

Most of us in the waiting period, it gets tough. Getting tossed in the waves.

How our life works: we get anointed king, and we go right back to the sheep.

We get excited when God brings us the perfect person, but we have to go back to our grind.

There are seasons of testing and trial. There is pain in seeing others get what you desired.

<u>What is God doing in our season of waiting?</u>

1.  Waiting Tests our Faith

Your reaction to when it didn't go your way shows where your true faith is

2.  Waiting Builds Hope

God's timing is working for me, not against me

God is preparing something for you. Preparing you to become stable

*The worst thing is to get what you want and not have the character to sustain it*

3.  Waiting Requires Wisdom

It has more to do with what is happening in you than what happens to you

*I want to learn what God is trying to teach me in this season*

“God, what are you trying to teach me? What are you trying to show me?”

The testing of your faith generates perseverance

4.  Waiting is Where Spiritual Formation Happens

**If you are struggling with waiting, it is a stewardship problem**

You have a bed, a car, you can start stewarding there. How are you stewarding what God has put in front of you now?

People curse their season of waiting, but if they realize they just stewarded what was right in front of them, they would make it through their season much faster.

It's about are you going to steward what is in front of you while waiting for what God has prepared for you?

Those people never want for opportunity…

In your season of wait, ask how best can I steward this season?

Waiting on God is not wasted. It's where He prepares you for His promises.

He heard in a dream from God that she was going to be his wife.

He said “hey, id like to ask you out on a date” and she said “for sure”

He said “God told me you are going to be my wife”

He just knew that she was going to be his wife. She said they were done, he was confused.

God had closed that door and opened it back up multiple times.

They were separate for about 4-5 years, had tons of breakups and the like.

David waited for Saul to pass, God's timing. A servant of David killed Saul, David killed the servant for interrupting God's timing.

For her, his source of timing was God.
