Beyond Tuesday

We have to decide where we are planted

2 Corinthians 5:18-20

*An ambassador is someone not from that culture, but representing a nation or kingdom you are not in at the moment.*

He loves anthropology

You are still an ambassador of your identity

When we go into the workplace, we have different identities. At work, church, around friends. But when we walk with God, there should be an identity that carries with you wherever you go.

We know the stories, but do you really know God?

Mark was written by Mark, but it is the voice of Peter. It focuses on the actions of Jesus, not just what he says.

Matthew makes more of a legal argument. But Mark makes more of a story.

Leprosy was transferred through contamination. As a result, it was a cultural thing. They forced you away, excluded you.

Mark 1:40-42

Jesus had empathy for the leprous man and healed him

In the condition of a leprous person, being shown love regardless touches them. Regardless of the stigma.

Jesus touches the leprous man, regardless.

It is the person at work who is far from God.

*Compassion precedes miracle*

Leprosy = isolation

*The people you encounter feel the same way*

Jesus touched the man before he healed him. Jesus chose love before the miracle.

Jesus’ love broke cultural barriers.

How are We Moved with Compassion?

1.  Remember the Joy of your Salvation

How do we feel for them? We remember what it was like to be in their situation. When you remember, it leads you to compassion.

Remind yourself of where you came from, and what God has done in your life

2.  See People Through God's Eyes

We often opt out of the moment to share our faith because we are afraid of what others will think.

Jesus didn't care, He felt compassion

3.  Remember Eternity is Real

Heaven is a real place, hell is a real place, eternity is a long time. You bring the Kingdom of God

4.  Step into their Shoes

Actions:

1.  Check Your Heart

Have you ever gotten so upset with someone, that you forget that they are lost? What did you expect, they are lost. Make a decision to love them anyway.

2.  Bring Life with You

How you live your life is one of the biggest things

We all have that one person who brings life into the room when they show up.

When you live like Jesus lives, people respond to that

Why do you love like that?

You are a breath of fresh air. At work, you are the hardest worker, serve others even when they havent served you, live different

3.  Look for Ways to Add Value

People are interested in what you can do for them

People who love others well take interest in them

*Adding value in someone else is the biggest way to unlock someone being able to say “yes” to Jesus*

How often does God basically wave to you, and you don't notice them?

Peter betrayed Jesus 3 times, Jesus asked Peter 3 times if he loves Him, then told him “Feed my sheep”

Have you caught anything?

*We tend to go back to our old ways.*

**One of the most evangelistic things you can do is invite someone to church**

Invite someone to coffee, pour value into them

*Fishing poles dont catch fish, people catch fish. The real secret sauce is you. The environment is just a tool. When you do that, the tool becomes dynamic.*

At some point, you will have to cast your net
